GO PLACES YOU'VE DREAMED OF Explore citieswe are flying totoday All about onsens & ryokans Top things to see & do Perfect for family fun Best nature activities await A food journey Best day trips Top nature retreats Recommendations for you Ethiopia travel guide Charming cultural town Must-do during your visit Vibrant coastal city Weekend getaway guide Off-the-beaten destination Best day trips Lesser-known spots to visit Hidden gems to visit New things to do The Hawaii of South Korea Lesser-known attractions Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Soar to new heights with us Find out how we can help your business reach international audiences. Showcase your brand at the worlds most awarded airport. Learn how we revolutionise airport retail with partners. Find out all you need to know about Changi and its rich aviation history. Discover the array of subsidiaries and affiliates enriching our companys ecosystem. Introducing the inspirational leaders who propel Changi Airport Groups excellence and progress. What We Do We strengthen Changi Airport's connectivity and attractiveness as a vibrant air hub. We strengthen Changi Airport's connectivity and attractiveness as a vibrant air hub. We manage the operational needs of Changi and Seletar Airports. We grow together with our concession partners through continuous innovation. We provide high quality airport infrastructure for the sustained development of Changi as a world-class air hub. 691 78th IFALPA Regional Conference 1981 - 2023 Airport Service Quality 2018 - 2023 Readers' Choice Awards 2006 - 2020, 2022 - 2024 Latest News Whether be it leasing, advertising or investing in the Changi Airport brand, we have an abundance of resources and opportunities for collaboration. We offer you the prestige and pride of working in a world-class environment, with abundant opportunities to learn and grow. At Changi Airport, different divisions come together to make our airport the world's most awarded. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
At Changi Airport Group, we turn airport touch points into seamless experiences using innovation and technology. WHY JOIN US Discover what its like working at Changi Airport Group, where we make magic happen in every aspect of our business turning different airport touchpoints into seamless experiences with innovation and technology. Get a behind the scenes glimpse of how we have deployed innovative products such as the Auto-Dolly and a baggage tracking application, to transform our work at the airport terminals and airside. Discover what its like working at Changi Airport Group, where we make magic happen in every aspect of our business turning different airport touchpoints into seamless experiences with innovation and technology. Get a behind the scenes glimpse of how we have deployed innovative products such as the Auto-Dolly and a baggage tracking application, to transform our work at the airport terminals and airside. How do we build the right culture and create spaces for employees to make magic? Tools, training, and a dash of tenacity. Employees are equipped to push the boundaries and conjure innovative solutions for the future of air travel. In our world, anything can become reality through innovation. What would you do if you were given a canvas to reimagine the future of air travel? At CAG, employees are encouraged to ask questions, test limits, and explore a plethora of possibilities to stay on top of the game and deliver world-class experiences. Hear from our employees as they share candidly about life at CAG. The spirit of camaraderie and community, office perk-me-ups, and overseas bonding trips all contribute to magic beyond the desk. Meet ourdivisions Our People are our most important asset. That's why we push ourselves to be a better employer each year. Explore our relevant links to help you get started on a career with us. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
As a strategic airport investor, manager and consultant, Changi Airports International (CAI) designs integrated solutions that enable clients and partner airports to fulfil their potential of being world-class air hubs. OUR EXPERTISE We project traffic demand backed by data and work with airlines to boost an airports connectivity and positioning. We project traffic demand backed by data and work with airlines to boost an airports connectivity and positioning. We uncover an airport's latent commercial potential and design strategic plans to fully realise them. We uncover an airport's latent commercial potential and design strategic plans to fully realise them. We coalesce technology and the human touch to create efficient operations and responsive airport experiences. We coalesce technology and the human touch to create efficient operations and responsive airport experiences. We engineer design and capacity planning solutions to help an airport meet future demands. We engineer design and capacity planning solutions to help an airport meet future demands. OUR VALUE ADD A transformative journey to regain competitiveness Seizing creative opportunities during the pandemic Delivering an Olympics-worthy airport to welcome the world Positioning for long-term sustainable growth Airports Countries Combined Traffic MPPA We empower our clients to achieve their aspirations of becoming world-class airports. We help our clients excel and stand out from competition. We nurture your career with a kaleidoscope of learning opportunities and experiences. Engage with us to drive innovation and elevate airport experiences together. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Dive into Changi Airports Internationals history, values and corporate profile. Discover what fuels our commitment to excellence in aviation. Recognised globally for innovation, sustainability and passenger satisfaction, the awards show our resolute to setting new standards. Recognised globally for innovation, sustainability and passenger satisfaction, the awards show our resolute to setting new standards. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Changi Airports International (CAI) is a leading airport investor, manager and consultant in the global aviation market. As a strategic partner, CAI designs integrated solutions that enable its clients and partners to fulfil their potential of being world-class airports. As one of the leading airport investors and airport consulting firms, CAI has extensive global experience that spans 30 countries and more than 60 airports around the world, including Singapore Changi Airport. Some of its projects include Tom Jobim International Airport in Brazil, Chongqing Jiangbei International Airport in China, the first aerotropolis in India, Fukuoka Airport in Japan, Clark International Airport in the Philippines and four airports in Russia. CAI is committed to being a valued partner in the global aviation market, creating airports of the future and delivering sustainable value to our partners and investee airports. CAI is a wholly- owned subsidiary of Changi Airport Group. For more information on our sustainability policies, pleaseclick here. When the inaugural flight took off from Singapore Changi Airport in 1981, the airport had one simple goal to accelerate Singapores economic development. The airport had to constantly innovate. In just three decades, annual passenger traffic at Singapore Changi Airport grew from eight million to over 60 million; and it established itself as one of the worlds most awarded airports, with more than 670 accolades under its belt. Singapore Changi Airports stellar performance and focus on aviation service improvement attracted numerous requests for consultancy services from airports around the world. Changi Airports International (CAI) was formed to spearhead aviation consultancy services, management projects and global investments. Case Studies 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
At Changi Airports International, we are passionate about helping airports achieve excellence and recognition. We provide data-driven insights, best practices, and innovative solutions to optimise an airports performance. With our support, you can stand out from the competition. Year Airport Award 2024 Clark International Airport Winner (under 5 mppa) Routes Asia Marketing Awards 2024 2022 Fukuoka Airport Best Large Airport in the World for On-Time Performance in 2021, 2nd place Cirium 2022 Krasnodar International Airport Best Airport (4-7 mppa), 2nd place Russias National Airport Infrastructure Show (NAIS) Awards 2022 Sochi International Airport Best Airport by Journalists Voting NAIS Awards 2022 Sochi International Airport Best Airport (over 10 mppa), 2nd place NAIS Awards 2022 Sochi International Airport 4-Star Airport Rating Skytrax 2022 Tom Jobim International Airport Voice of the Customer ACI 2021 Krasnodar International Airport Best Airport: Meeting Challenges 2020 NAIS Awards 2021 Sochi International Airport Best Airport (Europe, 5-15 mppa) ACIs Airport Service Quality (ASQ) Awards 2020 2021 Sochi International Airport Voice of the Customer ACI 2021 Sochi International Airport Airport of the Year 24th National Aviation Award Wings of Russia Year Airport Award 2020 Anapa International Airport Best Airport (up to 2 mppa), 2nd place NAIS Awards 2020 Krasnodar International Airport Best Airport (4-7 mppa), 3rd place NAIS Awards 2020 Sochi International Airport Best Airport (Europe, 5-15 mppa) ACIs ASQ Awards 2019 2020 Sochi International Airport Best Airport (4-7 mppa), 2nd place NAIS Awards 2020 Vladivostok International Airport Best Airport (up to 4 mppa), 2nd place NAIS Awards 2019 Anapa International Airport Best Airport (up to 2 mppa), 2nd place NAIS Awards 2019 Sochi International Airport Best Airport (Europe, 5-15 mppa) ACIs ASQ Awards 2018 2019 Sochi International Airport Best Airport (4-7 mppa) NAIS Awards 2019 Vladivostok International Airport Best International Airport (up to 4 mppa), 2nd place NAIS Awards 2019 Vladivostok International Airport Best Economic Project for Regional Development NAIS Awards 2019 Fukuoka Airport Highly Commended accolade (> 20 mppa) Routes Asia Marketing Awards 2019 2019 Fukuoka Airport Rising Star Award World Routes Awards 2019 2019 Tom Jobim International Airport Best Airport in South America; 6th place Skytrax 2019 Tom Jobim International Airport Most punctual airport by size (medium), 8th place OAG 2018 Anapa International Airport Best Regional Airport (up to 2 mppa), 2nd place NAIS Awards 2018 Sochi International Airport Best Airport by Region (Europe, over 2 mppa) ACIs ASQ Awards 2017 2018 Sochi International Airport Best Airport by Size and Region (Europe, 5-15 mppa) ACIs ASQ Awards 2017 2018 Sochi International Airport Best International Airport (up to 7 mppa) NAIS Awards 2018 Sochi International Airport Best Regional Airport Business Traveller Russia & CIS Award 2018 Sochi International Airport Best Business Lounge for a Regional Airport in Russia Sky Awards 2018 Vladivostok International Airport Winner (under 4 mppa) Routes Asia Marketing Awards 2018 2018 Vladivostok International Airport Best International Airport (up to 4mppa), 2nd place NAIS Awards 2018 Vladivostok International Airport Winner of Transport Security of Russia 2018 Tom Jobim International Airport Best Airport Staff Service in Brazil; 6th in Latin America Skytrax 2018 Tom Jobim International Airport Most Punctual Airport in Latin America; 4th in the world OAG 2018 Tom Jobim International Airport Best Airport for Operational Efficiency in Latin America OAG 2017 Anapa International Airport Best International Airport (up to 2 mppa), 3rd place NAIS Awards 2017 Krasnodar International Airport Best International Airport (up to 4 mppa), 3rd place NAIS Awards 2017 Sochi International Airport Best Airport by Region (Europe, over 2 mppa) ACIs ASQ Awards 2016 2017 Sochi International Airport Best Airport by Size and Region (Europe, 2-5 mppa) ACIs ASQ Awards 2016 2017 Sochi International Airport Best Airport by Size (2-5 mppa) ACIs ASQ Awards 2016 2017 Sochi International Airport Worlds Top 20 Airports International Airport Review 2017 Sochi International Airport Best International Airport (up to 7 mppa), 2nd place NAIS Awards 2017 Sochi International Airport Best Regional Airport (up to 7 mppa) NAIS Awards 2017 Vladivostok International Airport Fast-Growth Airport title in The Best Airport of the Year in theCIS for 2016 Airport Association of Civil Aviation 2017 Tom Jobim International Airport First airport in South America certified for IATA CEIV Pharma 2017 Tom Jobim International Airport Achieved ISO 9001 Certification for RIOgaleo Cargo 2017 Tom Jobim International Airport Honourable mention, Airports Going Green Award Organic Solid Waste Management 2017 Tom Jobim International Airport Best Airport in South America, 4th place Sleeping in Airports 2016 Anapa International Airport Best Regional Airport (up to 2 mppa) NAIS Awards 2016 Gelendzhik Airport Best Regional Airport (up to 0.5mppa), 3rd place NAIS Awards 2016 Krasnodar International Airport Best International Airport (up to 4 mppa) NAIS Awards 2016 Sochi International Airport Best Airport by Region (Europe, over 2 mppa) ACIs ASQ Awards 2015 2016 Sochi International Airport Best Airport by Size and Region (2-5 mppa) ACIs ASQ Awards 2015 2016 Sochi International Airport Best Regional Airport (up to 7 mppa) NAIS Awards 2016 Sochi International Airport Best Regional Airport Business Traveller Russia & CIS Award 2016 Sochi International Airport Largest Airport in South of Russia Expert-Yug magazine (Y-O-Y revenue and net profit growth rates) 2016 Tom Jobim International Airport Gold Medal, Olympics and Paralympics operation Brazilian Civil Aviation Secretary 2016 Tom Jobim International Airport Honourable Mention, Airports Going Green Award Employee Sustainability Training Programme 2016 Tom Jobim International Airport Best Airport in South America, Top 10 Sleeping in Airports 2016 King Fahd International Airport Best Improvement Airport (Middle East) ACIs Airport Service Quality Awards 2015 2016 King Fahd International Airport 3rd Best Airport by Region (Middle East; over 2 mppa) ACIs Airport Service Quality Awards 2015 Year Airport Award 2015 Anapa International Airport Best Regional Airport (up to 2 mppa) NAIS Awards 2015 Gelendzhik Airport Best Regional Airport (up to 0.5 mppa), 2nd place NAIS Awards 2015 Gelendzhik Airport Passengers Choice for Best Regional Airport NAIS Awards 2015 Krasnodar International Airport Best Regional Airport (up to 4 mppa) NAIS Awards 2015 Krasnodar International Airport Four-star rating Aviaport study on Russian airports infrastructure and passenger services 2015 Sochi International Airport Best Airport Investment Project in 2014 NAIS Awards 2015 Sochi International Airport Best International Airport (up to 4 mppa) NAIS Awards 2015 Sochi International Airport Five-star rating Aviaport study on Russian airports infrastructure and passenger services 2015 Sochi International Airport Airport of the Year 18th National Aviation Award Wings of Russia 2015 Tom Jobim International Airport First airport in Latin America certified by IATA to handle pharmaceutical products and other high value cargo 2015 Tom Jobim International Airport Achieved ISO 9001 international certification 2010 King Fahd International Airport Routes Airport Marketing Award (Middle East) 8th Routes Asia Conference 2010 King Fahd International Airport Honourable mention International Air Transport Association (IATA)s Eagle awards ceremony 66th IATA Annual General Meeting Learn more about Changi Airports International 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
We transform airports around the world. Its our unwavering belief that every airport can reach its full potential with the right expertise. Our diverse suite of know-hows, backed by strong data-based analysis and astute business acumen, gives our clients the assurance that we have a deep understanding of their needs. We have the right skills to bring your airport to the next level. We project traffic demand with strong econometric fundamentals and work with airlines to boost airport connectivity. We project traffic demand with strong econometric fundamentals and work with airlines to boost airport connectivity. We dive into non-aeronautical services such as retail, F&B and advertising to unleash revenue streams for airports. We dive into non-aeronautical services such as retail, F&B and advertising to unleash revenue streams for airports. We plan and ensure an airport's operations run like clockwork to conjure a positive experience for travellers. We plan and ensure an airport's operations run like clockwork to conjure a positive experience for travellers. We engineer solutions and prepare airports to meet future demands through sustainable design and capacity planning. We engineer solutions and prepare airports to meet future demands through sustainable design and capacity planning. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
We transform passenger journeys into unforgettable experiences. From kerbside to gate, we deliver a best-in-class, stress-free travel journey while ensuring safety and security. We leverage innovative technology and holistic integrated solutions so that operational systems and processes work together like a smooth ecosystem. Metrics settingOperating expense  and resource management Metrics setting Operating expense optimisation Performance and resource management Passenger, baggage and cargo flowTechnology solutionsUser-centric optimisation Passenger, baggage and cargo flow Technology solutions User-centric optimisation Bottlenecks identification and solutionsHolistic approach to service quality improvements Bottlenecks identification and solutions Holistic approach to service quality improvements Profiling and insights researchService and process development Profiling and insights research Service and process development Case Studies A transformative journey to regain competitiveness Seizing creative opportunities during the pandemic Delivering an Olympics-worthy airport to welcome the world Positioning for long-term sustainable growth 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
We believe in providing every passenger and airport visitor with diverse airport offerings to suit their needs. With strategic planning and judicious management of commercial resources, we can help optimise your airports non-aeronautical business to achieve greater competitiveness and better financial performance. Case Studies A transformative journey to regain competitiveness Seizing creative opportunities during the pandemic Delivering an Olympics-worthy airport to welcome the world Positioning for long-term sustainable growth 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
We provide comprehensive traffic development strategies to realise an airports full potential. Beyond using data-driven insights to drive new air links, we forge strong partnerships with key stakeholders to support an airports long-term growth. Econometric based traffic projectionsScenario planningRisk assessment network strategy Econometric based traffic projections Scenario planning Risk assessment network strategy Airport  network and traffic growth planTraffic analysis Airport positioning Strategic network and traffic growth plan Traffic analysis Airline strategic engagementAirline account managementTraffic rights policy and strategyBusiness casesMarketing trips and  schemes Airline strategic engagement Airline account management Traffic rights policy and strategy Business cases Marketing trips and conferences Incentive schemes Strategic industry  market  campaign development Strategic industry partnerships Passenger market segmentation Targeted campaign development Cargo tonnage forecastingAir freighter strategic engagementAir freighter account management Cargo tonnage forecasting Air freighter strategic engagement Air freighter account management Case Studies A transformative journey to regain competitiveness Seizing creative opportunities during the pandemic Delivering an Olympics-worthy airport to welcome the world Positioning for long-term sustainable growth 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
We see airport master planning and engineering as important components for securing an airports future. We devise practical road maps to meet an airports future capacity demands while balancing the need for it to respond flexibly to evolving industry needs. Our customised solutions are long-term and sustainable. Our services include Air traffic forecastAirfield  facilitiesUtilities planning Air traffic forecast Airfield planning Airside/Landside facilities Utilities planning Airfield geometry designPavement designDrainage designPavement rehabilitation Airfield geometry design Pavement design Drainage design Pavement rehabilitation Functional  conceptsCapacity assessmentBuilding information modelling (BIM) Functional planning Architectural concepts Capacity assessment Building information modelling (BIM) Design  managementCost management Design management Construction management Cost management Case Studies A transformative journey to regain competitiveness Seizing creative opportunities during the pandemic Delivering an Olympics-worthy airport to welcome the world Positioning for long-term sustainable growth 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Changi Airports International brings unparalleled value to our clients through our proven track record of transforming airports around the world. With 20 years experience, we have collaborated with airport operators, government agencies, airlines, and industry partners in a myriad of airport projects.We ignite possibilities and turn airports into world-class transport hubs. Read our case studies to find out more. Let excellence take flight. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Background: King Fahd International Airport (DMM) located in Dammam, Saudi Arabia, is an important gateway to the countrys Eastern Province. The city is the fourth-most populous in the country and the centre for Saudis oil industry. Changi Airports International (CAI) was engaged by the General Authority of Civil Aviation (GACA) of Saudi Arabia under a nine-year operations and management agreement to transform, commercialise and corporatise DMM. Problem: Back in 2008, DMM faced a serious traffic leak to a competitor airport in a neighbouring country. There was an urgent need to stem traffic outflow, strengthen air links, and reverse the airports declining market share. On the non-aeronautical side of the house, the airport lacked commercial offerings that would provide a good retail experience for passengers. The immediate challenge was to relook the commercial layout and attract a good tenant mix. There was also a need to explore new revenue streams to strengthen the DMMs financial performance. Solutions: The team adopted a multi-pronged approach. It worked with GACA to liberalise aviation policy at DMM to increase the airports appeal. To build air links, the team pursued airline partners by crafting compelling business cases. The efforts yielded fruits. Local carriers agreed to establish their base at DMM while new foreign airlines started to launch flights to DMM. To prepare the airport for the increase in passengers, airport operations were enhanced by injecting capacity, revamping processes and leveraging technology. In 2017, the team launched the Kingdoms very first City Terminal, offering the convenience of off-airport check-in, 24 hours in advance. CAI also strengthened DMMs commercial positioning. The team harnessed usable spaces in DMMs huge terminal to double its commercial area. Tenant mix was enhanced to include many new international brands. New passenger offerings, such as an airport hotel, were introduced. To develop additional revenue streams, the team took advantage of the massive expanse of the airport site to establish a new Cargo Village in 2015. This strategic move not only buttressed DMMs non-aeronautical revenue, it also positioned DMM as an important node in regional trade and enhanced the airports hub status. Results: With holistic hub development and operational efficiency programmes in place, DMM surpassed its competitor as a leading air hub in the region. Its traffic also more than doubled to around 10mppa at the end of CAIs partnership. DMMs non-aeronautical revenue also tripled upon completion of CAIs partnership. Its financial position had turned around. CAI helped transform DMM from a loss-making to an EBITDA-positive airport. In July 2017, DMM was successfully corporatised as Dammam Airports Company (DACO). Related Awards: In 2010, DMM was accorded the Routes Airport Marketing Award (Middle East) at the 8th Routes Asia Conference. In 2015, DMM clinched two accolades at the Airports Council International (ACI) Airport Service Quality (ASQ) Awards: Most Improved Airport (Middle East category) and third place in BestAirport by Region (Middle East category). Case Studies 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Background: Changi Airports International (CAI) was an equity shareholder of Fukuoka International Airport Co., Ltd. (FIAC), the operator of Fukuoka Airport (FUK). FUK is the gateway to Kyushu, a vibrant catchment of 13 million residents in western Japan. FUK is the fourth busiest airport in the country after Narita, Haneda and Kansai airports. Problem: FUK is a highly slots constrained airport. When Covid-19 hit in early 2020, FIAC had to ensure airlines continued to maintain a high level of slots application. This was to position FUK for the strongest possible recovery, and for optimal future growth when the second runway is operationalised in 2025. Additionally, with flights grounded and low passenger volumes, there was a need to pivot to other sources of revenue. Solutions: CAI helped FIAC strategise and implement creative means of traffic development. This included moving airline engagements online, and creating tourism videos of Kyushu in Mandarin to maintain Chinese airlines slots application interests for FUK. On the commercial front, CAI worked with FIAC to introduce three unique, first-in-Japan, airport products. 1. Fukuoka Open Top Bus Tour: Paid service that allows locals and tourists access to the FUK airside on an open top bus. 2. Night Wedding Photo Shoots: Paid service that allows couples to take their wedding photos on the tarmac in front of aircraft, during airport curfew hours. 3. Premium Ground Handling Tour: Paid service that brings children and families to FUKs food catering facility, and FUK airside to learn about ground handling. Results: FUK registered the highest international slots application growth among large Japanese airports during the Covid-19 period, indicating peer outperformance. Post Covid-19, FUKs international passenger traffic recovered the fastest among large Japanese airports. New commercial products helped FIAC grow alternative streams of revenues. New commercial products enabled FIAC to effectively engage the Japanese public even during Covid-19, building goodwill with the community, and positioning FIAC stronger for recovery. Channel NewsAsia reported positively on FUKs new commercial products in September 2023. Case Studies 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Background: Tom Jobim International Airport (GIG) in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, is the countrys fourth busiest airport pre-Covid, and the main international gateway into the countrys top tourism spots. In November 2013, a CAI-led consortium won the rights to a 25-year concession for the expansion, maintenance and development of the airport. GIG would soon play a critical role in Brazils history, as it welcomed the world in one of the biggest international sporting events: 2016 Summer Olympics (Rio 2016). Problem: There was a slew of challenges to tackle. Aging infrastructure, limited capacity, lagging processes, and a lack of commercial offerings. The task on hand was apparent: To transform GIG into a world-class facility in time for the Olympics and create the finest first impression global visitors would have of Brazil. Solutions: CAI and its Brazilian counterparts introduced operations and service enhancements, including new customer service counters, travellators and escalators, and landscaping, to uplift passenger experience. Airport capacity was boosted with a new 100,000-sqm concourse, 26 contact gates, and additional aircraft stands. A new multi-storey car park was also added for passengers and visitors convenience. Within the terminal, the team reconfigured the layout and passenger flow to smoothen passenger journey and optimise space. The commercial area within the same terminal doubled, and seven new VIP lounges were established. The team also selected a new advertising operator to consolidate and refresh all advertising spaces. To further uncover passengers shopping and dining needs in the airport, the team conducted passenger survey and focus groups. Over 100 new retail and F&B outlets, including specialty shops, were brought in. To up the game, GIG inaugurated an 8,000-sqm walk-through duty-free store, the first in Brazil. Results: The team successfully overhauled GIGs non-aeronautical business. GIG achieved the highest yield per pax among Brazilian airports. It also more than doubled the non-aeronautical revenue per pax within four years of taking over the concession. In August 2016, GIG successfully hosted the 2016 Summer Olympics and Paralympics. It handled an unprecedented number of travellers and registered the highest sales in its stores and restaurants. Travellers and media praised GIG, describing the airport journey as seamless and magical. Related Awards: In 2017, GIG was named the Best Airport for Operational Efficiency in Latin America, and Most Punctual Airport in Latin America (10-20 mppa) by OAG Aviation Worldwide. In 2019, GIG was voted the sixth Best Airport in South America by Skytrax. Case Studies 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Background: Velana International Airport(VIA), which is the maininternational airportin theMaldives, is located on Hulhule Island in the North Male Atoll, near the capital island Male. It is currently the only airport in the country offering international flights, thus serving as the main gateway into Maldives, which is known for its sapphire waters and pristine beaches. In October 2022, Changi Airports International (CAI) won a competitive bid issued by Maldives Airport Company Limited (MACL) to provide consultancy services for VIA. Problem: Amid the evolving landscape of air travel, especially in the aftermath of the Covid-19 pandemic, MACL faced the imperative task of reassessing its traffic forecast and facility requirements. There were also ongoing projects and new ones such as the Code F runway, seaplane terminal and upcoming international passenger terminal building whichfurther underscored the need for an integrated master plan. MACL had to ensure that these projects aligned seamlessly with its overarching development objectives and do not deviate from the airport's strategic vision. MACL sought to review their existing master plan and airport layout plan to achieve a flexible development plan up to its planned capacity, as well as to provide growth opportunities, address new initiatives and explore options to facilitate the necessary long-term development for VIA. Solutions: A 30-year traffic forecast was done for VIA. Results from the traffic forecast provided the basis for the demand and capacity assessment for the major airport system, which include the airfield (runway, taxiway and parking stands), terminal (domestic, international and sea plane), cargo and landside roadway traffic. Computer simulations have been extensively used in this review to assess the capacity of existing airport infrastructure and identify capacity bottlenecks. Enhancement solutions were also proposed to unlock capacity constraints in order to meet the forecasted traffic demand. CAI also engaged airport stakeholders extensively to explore different expansion proposals before producing the final airport master plan options. Results: The capacity assessment based on simulations provided insights into the congestion points of the existing and future airport system such as the airfield, terminals and roadway. The findings are quantifiable by the Level of Service (LoS), an industry performance benchmark, before and after the capacity improvement proposals. Case Studies 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
At Changi Airports International (CAI), we believe in building long-term careers. We create learning and growth opportunities for those eager to push the envelope and elevate the standards of the global aviation industry. Join us today Our work with airports around the world connects you to a diverse network of international experts. Hone your skills, develop your expertise, and grow your profession. We value a conducive work environment that brings out the best in our talent. Teamwork is paramount to us. We take time off to energise ourselves and have fun. We care about your professional development and personal well-being, backed by attractive remuneration and benefits. We help you succeed and reach your full potential. What do our employees say The opportunity to help airports overseas and contribute to people development in other countries gives me the greatest sense of achievement working at CAI. Director To be involved in the Changi East Development project is remarkable. Its a privilege to work with colleagues from CAI, contribute to Changi Airports advancement, and share CAIs expertise worldwide. Project Manager I value the opportunity to work on different airport projects. It not only broadens our perspectives but also challenges the team to develop bespoke solutions for the unique needs of each airport. Senior Engineer Embrace CAI's culture of collaboration and innovation. Be proactive in seeking learning opportunities and stay open to new challenges. Leverage your unique skills to add value to the organisation. Associate Director Cultivate a hunger for learning, a resilience to tackle challenges head-on, and an adventurous spirit. Embrace diverse projects and environments to excel in this dynamic field. Being adaptable is key. Analyst Explore our links to help you get started. Learn more about CAI and our parent company, CAG. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Changi Airports International Pte. Ltd. 60 Airport Boulevard #04-531, Changi Airport Terminal 2, Singapore 819643 T (65) 6541 1922 For media queries, please email:cmc@changiairport.com For business opportunities, please email:consulting@cai.sg For career opportunities, please email:cai.humanresources@cai.sg Need to contact others at cag? Want to speak with someone from Customer Contact Centre? Do reach out to us if you have enquiries pertaining to flights, airlines, lost & found and other customer enquiries. Want to speak with someone fromChangi Airport Group (CAG)? Do reach out to us if you have enquiries pertaining to media, careers, advertising or whistleblowing. Want to speak with someone fromChangi Airport Group (CAG)? Do reach out to us if you have enquiries pertaining to media, careers, advertising or whistleblowing. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Can't find what you're looking for? Don't hesitate to get in touch with us. Stay informed of your flight status with real-time updates TheAirline Informationpage includes ground handlers contact information for specific airlines. HELPFUL LINKS Lost an item on your flight, or have any baggage enquiries? Find out how you can contact your airlinehere. If you lost an item within the airport premises, clickhere. Singapore Changi AirportPO Box 168Singapore 918146 For public enquiries, please emailenquiry@changiairport.comor call our 24-hour hotline to speak with our Customer Service Representatives: Contact Number: +65 6595 6868 Please note that your personal data may be shared with our partners and other relevant third partiesto enable them to follow up and reply to you directly on your feedback. By providing your personal particulars, you are deemed to have provided your consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal data for this purpose. For on-ground enquiries, please visit theChangi Airport corporate reception. Jewel Changi Airport For all Jewel-related feedback or enquiries:Tel: +65 6956 9898Email:contact.us@jewelchangiairport.com Changi Rewards Enquiries For membership and points enquiries, please clickhere.  For duty-free shopping enquiries, please clickhere. Changi Airport Connector, HUB & SPOKE Changi Airport, Changi Jurassic Mile For venue leasing, events, and partnership enquiries: Email:hubandspoke@changiairport.com Feedback and SuggestionsIf you have feedback or suggestions on how we can enhance your experience at Changi Airport, please let us knowhere. Raising ConcernsIf you have reason to believe that a Changi Airport Group (CAG) employee, or anyone acting on behalf of CAG has engaged in illegal or otherwise improper conduct, you should promptly report the matter to the CAG Fraud and Ethics hotline. Clickherefor details of the fraud hotline. For matters relating to customer enquiries, complaints and compliments, please refer to Feedback and Suggestions. NEED TO CONTACT OTHERS AT CAG? Want to speak with someone from Changi Airport Group? Contact us regarding media requests, careers, advertising or business opportunities. Want to speak with someone from Changi Airport Group? Contact us regarding media requests, careers, advertising or business opportunities. Want to speak with someone from Changi Airports International? Contact us if you have enquiries pertaining to consulting and investment services. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Keep track of flight timings with live updates. Receiving a loved one or guest? Check if the flight is on schedule and what the belt number is. Have a flight to catch? Check your terminal, boarding time and gate. Useful Links Visit the Changi Arrival flight or Changi Departure flight pages, or use the Changi App for real-time flight information, including any changes to your flight schedule. Digital boards throughout Changi Airport also display the latest flight timings and status updates, making it easy for you to stay on top of your travel plans. In the event of a delayed or cancelled flight, please check the latest flight status through our website or mobile app, where real-time updates are readily available. It is important to stay in touch with your airline, as they will have the most current information regarding rescheduling or compensation. International travellers departing from Changi Airport should be aware that restrictions and requirements can vary depending on the destination country. We recommend checking our airports security screening process, as well as regulations outlined by the authorities of your destination country. Its also crucial to check with your airline for any additional requirements, such as health certifications or pre-departure testing requirements. For a smooth and stress-free departure, we suggest arriving at Changi Airport at least two hours for short-haul flights and three hours for long-haul flights. This allows sufficient time for check-in, immigration clearance, and security screening, in addition to enjoying the diverse range of attractions, airport eateries, popular outlets, and relaxation facilities available. Arriving early also ensures you can navigate any unforeseen delays with ease, ensuring a more relaxed start to your journey. From airport lounges and quiet rest areas to shopping and dining options, there's something for every traveller at Changi Airport. For those looking to relax before or after their flight, Changi also features beautiful gardens, a cinema, and even a swimming pool with a Jacuzzi. Information counters and customer service representatives are also readily available to assist with any travel needs or questions you might have. For assistance with flight bookings or inquiries, Changi Airport's customer support team is always ready to assist you. You can reach us through our mobile app or by calling our customer service hotline. Our dedicated team will provide you with the necessary support, from flight information and schedule changes to general airport inquiries, ensuring your travel experience is as seamless as possible. Changi Airport offers multiple language options on both our website and mobile app, ensuring everyone can easily access flight details and airport information regardless of their native language. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Keep track of arriving passenger flights with live updates. DisclaimerEvery effort has been made to ensure the information provided is correct. The dates, times and other details shown in the tables may, from time to time, be changed without notification. CAG and/or its agents, employees or contractors are not responsible for any incorrect information and are, therefore, not liable in any way for inaccuracies or errors. Users are advised to consult with airlines directly before travelling. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Keep track of departing passenger flights with live updates. DisclaimerEvery effort has been made to ensure the information provided is correct. The dates, times and other details shown in the tables may, from time to time, be changed without notification. CAG and/or its agents, employees or contractors are not responsible for any incorrect information and are, therefore, not liable in any way for inaccuracies or errors. Users are advised to consult with airlines directly before travelling. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Keep track of arriving freighter flights with live updates. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Begin your trip to Singapore with a smooth arrival at Changi Airport. Learn more about prevailing requirements to ensure a smooth journey to enter Singapore. Learn about immigration procedures, visa requirements, and more. Know more about goods subject to customs duty and prohibited goods in Singapore. Find out where you can get some rest after a long flight, or get help with your baggage. Learn how to get to the city, book a hotel room, stay connected, and visit local attractions. Experience a warm welcome and fond farewell with Changi Meet & Greet Services. Useful information at your fingertips Receive timely updates about your baggage status and travel with greater peace of mind. Receive timely updates about your baggage status and travel with greater peace of mind. Stay posted on all the ins and outs for Changi Airport with all the right information at a tap away. Stay posted on all the ins and outs for Changi Airport with all the right information at a tap away. Redeem perks and purchase attraction tickets easily at any time! Redeem perks and purchase attraction tickets easily at any time! Quick Links Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
What to know and look out for, to clear immigration swiftly. All passengers (Singapore Citizens, Permanent Residents, Long-term Pass Holders and Foreign Visitors) who would like to enter Singapore are required to submit theelectronic Health Declaration Card (eHDC) via theSG Arrival Card (SGAC) e-Servicebefore clearing immigration.Please note that the paper-based disembarkation and embarkation card for arriving foreign visitors has been discontinued with effect from 27 March 2020. Foreign visitors will instead provide their arrival information via the SGAC e-Service instead. All passengers (Singapore Citizens, Permanent Residents, Long-term Pass Holders and Foreign Visitors) who would like to enter Singapore are required to submit theelectronic Health Declaration Card (eHDC) via theSG Arrival Card (SGAC) e-Servicebefore clearing immigration. Please note that the paper-based disembarkation and embarkation card for arriving foreign visitors has been discontinued with effect from 27 March 2020. Foreign visitors will instead provide their arrival information via the SGAC e-Service instead. In addition to the submission of the eHDC, Long-term Pass Holders and Foreign Visitors are also required to have their passports and Permits / Entry Visas (if applicable) ready as well . If you are arriving within six days of passing through areas endemic for Yellow Fever, you may need to present a Fever Vaccination Certificate. You may submit the eHDC and SGAC via the SGAC e-Service athttps://eservices.ica.gov.sg/sgarrivalcard, or via the myICA Mobile app which can be downloaded by scanning the QR code below: APP STORE GOOGLE PLAYSTORE Note totransiting passengers: If your airline does not provide a baggage transfer service, you are required to clear Arrival Immigration and claim your baggage before checking in for your next flight. Foreign visitors must get their Permits or Entry Visas ready before proceeding to immigration clearance.For more information on entry and visa requirements, please contact Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (ICA) via their 24-hour automated answering service at+65 6391 6100or visitICA's website. Foreign visitors must get their Permits or Entry Visas ready before proceeding to immigration clearance. For more information on entry and visa requirements, please contact Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (ICA) via their 24-hour automated answering service at+65 6391 6100or visitICA's website. All travellers, including first time visitors, can now enjoy automated clearance when arriving or departing from Changi Airport. No prior enrolment is required.Singapore Residents can also enjoy passport-less clearance at both Arrival and Departure Immigration. All travellers are eligible for passport-less immigration clearance when departing from Changi Airport.Travellers can use automated clearance as long as they hold a valid International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) compliant passport.All travellers must submit their SG Arrival Card (SGAC) within three days before arrival. Submission of the SG Arrival Card (SGAC) is free of charge and should only be done via ICAs official channels (ICA's SGAC e- app).For more information, please refer toICA's website. All travellers, including first time visitors, can now enjoy automated clearance when arriving or departing from Changi Airport. No prior enrolment is required. Singapore Residents can also enjoy passport-less clearance at both Arrival and Departure Immigration. All travellers are eligible for passport-less immigration clearance when departing from Changi Airport. Travellers can use automated clearance as long as they hold a valid International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) compliant passport. All travellers must submit their SG Arrival Card (SGAC) within three days before arrival. Submission of the SG Arrival Card (SGAC) is free of charge and should only be done via ICAs official channels (ICA's SGAC e- app). For more information, please refer toICA's website. OTHER LINKS Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Get updated on dutiable goods as well as prohibited items that you may not bring into Singapore. DUTIABLE GOODS Under Singapore law, it is mandatory for arriving travellers to pay taxes to bring in cigarettes, tobacco products and all goods exceeding the duty-free concession and Goods and Services Tax (GST) relief. For more details, please refer toSingapore Customs. If you are bringing dutiable goods into Singapore, declare them at the Customs Duty Office located in the middle of the baggage claim hall. Duties and GST can be paid there or viaCustoms@SG Web Application.If you fail to make an accurate and complete declaration of any goods with you that exceeds duty-free concession and GST relief, including goods carried on behalf of other persons, you can be fined and prosecuted in court. If you are bringing dutiable goods into Singapore, declare them at the Customs Duty Office located in the middle of the baggage claim hall. Duties and GST can be paid there or viaCustoms@SG Web Application. If you fail to make an accurate and complete declaration of any goods with you that exceeds duty-free concession and GST relief, including goods carried on behalf of other persons, you can be fined and prosecuted in court. A 9% Goods and Services Tax (GST) is levied on all goods imported into Singapore.You may be granted tax relief for all new purchases (excluding liquor and tobacco) under certain conditions. A 9% Goods and Services Tax (GST) is levied on all goods imported into Singapore. You may be granted tax relief for all new purchases (excluding liquor and tobacco) under certain conditions. Travellers entering Singaporecan enjoy duty free concession for liquors if:You are 18 years old or above;You have spent 48 hours or more outside Singapore immediately before arrival;You are not arriving from Malaysia;The liquor is for your own consumption and not prohibited from import into Singapore. Travellers entering Singaporecan enjoy duty free concession for liquors if: Here are some items that are not allowed into Singapore without proper authorisation. Items that may affect community health, public safety and animal life also require an import license or authorisation from the respective authorities for entry into Singapore. Here are some controlled items categorised under the respective authorities: Items Animals, birds and their by-products Plants, potting medium and organic fertilisers Ornamental fish Veterinary vaccines Veterinary micro-organisms and plant pests Pet food National Parks BoardTel: 1800 471 7300www.nparks.gov.sgwww.nparks.gov.sg/feedback Food of any kind, both raw and cooked (e.g., meat, seafood, fruits, vegetables, eggs and processed food products) Newspaper, books and magazines Films, video tapes, VCDs, DVDs and Blu-Ray discs CD/DVD-ROM and video games Telecommunication and radio communication equipment Walkie-talkies Info-communications Media Development AuthorityTel: 1800 478 5478www.imda.gov.sginfo@imda.gov.sg Medicine products Other health products containing schedule poisons Health Sciences AuthorityTel: +65 6213 0838www.hsa.gov.sghsa_info@hsa.gov.sg Ionising Radiation (IR) Irradiating Apparatus & Radioactive Material X-ray equipment, devices containing radioactive materials, ore or any substances containing radioactive materials above the exemption limit, etc. Non-Ionising Radiation (NIR)Irradiating Apparatus Ultraviolet sunlamps, microwaveovens, selected ultrasound equipment (including high intensity focused ultrasound device), laser equipment (including laser pointers above regulatory limit of 5 milli-Watt), etc. National Environment Agency (Radiation Protection & Nuclear Science Department)www.nea.gov.sgnea_rpnsd_tradenet@nea.gov.sg OTHER LINKS Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Visit our Baggage Storage counters if you need your baggage looked after while you shop hands-free or leave the airport comfortably. Visit our Baggage Storage counters if you need your baggage looked after while you shop hands-free or leave the airport comfortably. Porter services are available at all terminals to assist you with your baggage upon arrival or departure at Changi Airport. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
NOTE: All lost and found items at Changi Airport are solely managed by Changi Airport Group. You may engage our services through our official website.For matters about lost and found items within the premises of Changi Airport, please clickhere. Once you have been informed about your found item, you may proceed to schedule a collection timehere. Additionally, if you have lost your items at Jewel Changi Airport, you can approach our Experience Concierges for assistance. You can find these counters at B2, L1, L2, L3 and L5, ready to help you with your concerns. For all baggage-related enquiries or items left onboard aircraft, please proceed to the Lost and Found counter at the Baggage Claim Area for assistance. You can also contact the handling agent representing the airline you travelled with. Clickhereto find out which handling agent services your airline. Terminals 1 and 3 Hotline:1800 723 1423(toll-free, 24 hours for Terminal 1; 08:30AM to 02:00AM for Terminal 3) +65 6723 1188(for overseas callers) Terminal 4 Hotline:+65 6581 1595(08:30AM to 02:00AM)Email address:baggageservicesSG@dnata.com Terminals 2 and 3 Singapore Airlines Group Hotline:+65 6597 4501(07:30AM to 11:30PM) You may also file a delayed baggage report with Singapore Airlineshere. To submit a search request for an item left on a Singapore Airlines aircraft arriving in Singapore or in a Singapore Airlines operated lounge in Singapore, please clickhere. Terminals 1, 2 and 3 Other Airlines Hotline:+65 6597 4500(07:30AM to 11:30PM) Terminal 4 Hotline:+65 6321 5103/+65 6321 5102(24 hours) In the event that you realise you've lost something after departing Changi Airport, we encourage you to promptly file a lost property report: For baggage-related queries or items left onboard the aircraft, please file a report with the Handling Agent representing the airline you had travelled with (refer to Aircraft tab) For lost items within the premises of Changi Airport, please file a report with Changi Airport (refer to Airport tab) For passengers who travelled with Singapore Airlines, you may also file a report onSingapore Airlines website. Yes, you may authorise someone else to collect your lost item on your behalf. Once your item has been found, you will receive further information from Changi Airport or the Handling Agent about the method of collection and the necessary documents required for the collection, including a letter of authorisation. Please be reminded that your representative will be re-entering the arrival baggage claim hall and will be subjected to airport security screening and checks. Please avoid bringing bulky items. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
ENJOY A WARM AND HELPFUL WELCOME Experience a warm welcome and fond farewell with Changi Meet & Greet Services. Whether you're arriving, departing or transiting, we strive to make your trip with us safe, seamless and unforgettable with our immigration assistance and porter services. Welcome services at the arrival gates, including transportation to the city or your hotel, can be arranged. HOW TO BOOK Advance booking is required 48 hours prior to arrival time. For online bookings, please visitwww.changimeetandgreet.com You may also contact us at: Tel: +65 8300 0160 Email: changimeetgreet@changirecommends.com.sg Changi Airport proudly offers comprehensive Meet & Greet services for both arrivals and departures, ensuring a memorable beginning and end to your journey in Singapore. Upon arrival, passengers can expect a personalised greeting at the gate, luggage and immigration assistance for a hassle-free process, and coordination of onward transportation as needed. For departures, our services include guidance through check-in and security, and escort to the departure gate. These passenger meeting services are designed to cater to the needs of all travellers, whether you're visiting for business or leisure, ensuring a smooth and enjoyable experience at Changi Airport. To request our meet and greet services, passengers or their representatives can easily make a booking through our official Changi Airport website or the Changi Airport mobile app. When booking, please fill in the necessary details, including the number of guests and flight information. For the flight terminal, kindly specify "Terminal 1." Our designated greeter will monitor your flight's status and proceed to the correct terminal accordingly. We recommend making your request at least 48 hours before your arrival or departure to ensure availability and a customised welcome experience. For any special requests or additional information, our customer support team is readily available to assist you through our hotline or via email, ensuring your needs are met with the utmost attention to detail. Yes, there is a fee associated with our Meet & Greet services, which varies depending on the level of service required. Our basic package includes a personalised greeting and assistance with immigration, while more comprehensive options offer additional services, such as luggage assistance and coordination of transportation. Detailed pricing and package options can be found on our website or by contacting our customer service team, who can provide a tailored solution to fit your needs. Our meet and greet services are available 24/7, ensuring that we're there to welcome you, regardless of your arrival time at Changi Airport. This round-the-clock availability reflects our commitment to providing a comfortable and hassle-free experience for all passengers. At Changi Airport, each terminal's passenger meeting point is strategically positioned within the arrival meeting hall, marked by clear signage and equipped with comfortable seating areas for your convenience. After collecting your baggage, simply follow the "Meet & Greet" signs to find a counter where our welcoming staff is ready to greet you. Our meet and greet services are designed to be inclusive, offering assistance to all passengers, whether you're a frequent flyer, first-time visitor, family with young children, or travellers with special needs. We strive to accommodate all requests to the best of our ability. However, we encourage passengers to inform us of any specific requirements or considerations at the time of booking to ensure we can provide the most suitable and effective service upon your arrival or departure. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
How to get to the city and other parts of Singapore from Changi Airport. Terminals 1, 2 and 3:Bus stops are located at the basement bus bays. You can take buses 24, 27, 34, 36, 53, 110 and 858 from there. Terminal 4:At the bus stop next to Car Park 4B, you can take buses 24, 34, 36 and 110. At the bus stop near the SATS Inflight Catering Centre 1, you can take buses 27, 53 and 858. Payment options for public transport include contactless  bank cards, mobile wallets,Stored-value EZ-Link cards can be purchased from any Changi Recommends store, and at the Passenger Service Centre or TransitLink Ticket Office at Changi MRT Airport Station. Stored-value EZ-Link cards can be purchased from any Changi Recommends store, at the Passenger Service Centre or TransitLink Ticket Office at Changi MRT Airport Station. Clickherefor more information on the payment options for public transport. Alternatively, you may use cash to pay for your bus fare. Please prepare the exact fare for your trip as no change will be given. To get to the city, take the train from Changi Airport MRT Station (CG2) to Tanah Merah MRT Station (EW4), then transfer to the East West Line towards Tuas Link MRT Station (EW33). Alternatively, take the train from Changi Airport MRT Station to Expo MRT Station (CG1/DT35), then transfer to the Downtown Line towards Bukit Panjang MRT Station (BP6/DT1). To get to Pasir Ris, take the train from Changi Airport MRT Station to Tanah Merah MRT Station, then take the East West Line towards Pasir Ris MRT Station (EW1). Get detailed train timings on theSMRT Journey Planner. Train Route First Train Last Train From Changi AirportMRT Station toTanah MerahMRT Station: Monday to Saturday:5:31 AM Sunday and public holidays:5:59 AM Connecting to Tuas Link:11:18 PM, daily Connecting to Pasir Ris:12:06 AM, daily Payment options for public transport include contactless  bank cards, mobile wallets, stored-value EZ-Link/NETS FlashPay cards, and Singapore Tourist Pass. Do note that admin fees apply for payments with foreign-issued bank cards. Stored-value EZ-Link cards can be purchased from any Changi Recommends store, and at the Passenger Service Centre or TransitLink Ticket Office at Changi Airport Station. Clickherefor more information on the payment options for public transport. Taxis are available for hire at the taxi stands in the Arrival areas of Terminals 1, 2, 3 and 4. A ride to the city takes about 30 minutes and costs between S$25 and S$45. All fares are metered. There is an additional Airport Surcharge for all trips originating from the Airport: Separately, midnight and peak-hour surcharges apply to taxi hires country-wide. Midnight surcharge(50% of final metered fare): Peak-hour surcharge(25% of final metered fare): *Note: Flag-down charge plus distance and waiting charges differ among taxi companies. Passengers can also book private hire cars from Grab, Gojek, Zig, Tada Mobility or Ryde for a ride out of the airport.Make a booking via the respective transport providers mobile applications (downloadable on Apple App Store and Google Play Store) and head to theArrival and Ride-Hailing pick-up points at Terminals 1, 2, 3 or 4. Note:Only Singapore taxis and Malaysian taxis with an ASEAN Public Service Vehicle Permit (ASEAN PSVP) are licensed to provide cross-border taxi or Private Hire Car (PHC) services to ferry passengers between Singapore and Malaysia. These taxis can be hired at Ban San Street Terminal (Singapore) and Johor Larkin Terminal (Malaysia),which are the designated pick-up and drop-off points for cross-border taxi services. Passengers may also book cross-border trips through licensed Singapore taxi operators. For passengers who need to be picked up by car, please head to our Arrivalpick-up points. You can also rent a carhereor at any car rental counter at the Arrival Halls. Our 24-hour Ground Transport Concierges (GTC) offers convenient transfers from Changi Airport to your destination. There are two ways to make a booking: 1. Clickhereor download the iChangi app to book a ride in advanced 2. Approach our friendly customer service officers at the GTC counters at the following locations: Transportation options include: City Shuttle (S$10.00 per adult or S$7.00 per child below 12 years of age) to selected downtown areas. The City Shuttle departs every 30 minutes from 7:00AM-7:00PM and every hour from 8:00PM- 11:00PM. Helpful links Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Find out how to get to the city, stay connected, and more. ACCOMMODATION Yet to arrange your accommodation in Singapore? Visit our Changi Recommends booths located at any Arrival Hall or book a hotelhere.Alternatively, check outCrowne Plaza Changi Airportif you want to stay near the airport. Yet to arrange your accommodation in Singapore? Visit our Changi Recommends booths located at any Arrival Hall or book a hotelhere. Alternatively, check outCrowne Plaza Changi Airportif you want to stay near the airport. Heading to the city? Our efficient transport network makes it easy. Explore transportation options including public buses, trains, taxis, private hire vehicles, and airport shuttles. At a rate of S$10 per adult, the City Shuttle takes you to most of the hotels in town. LOCAL ATTRACTIONS Experience Singapore's best attractions with Changi Recommends, your all-in-one travel concierge.Simply visit Changi Recommends booths at any Arrival Hall. Experience Singapore's best attractions with Changi Recommends, your all-in-one travel concierge. Simply visit Changi Recommends booths at any Arrival Hall. Keep connected with your loved ones on the go, through a local SIM card or WiFi router. Stay connected with pre-paid SIM cards. Pick one up at the Changi Recommends booth or money changers in any terminal. Rent a ChangiWiFi router to enjoy Internet access. Simply make a reservation here and pick up your router when you arrive. Rent a ChangiWiFi router to enjoy Internet access. Simply make a reservation here and pick up your router when you arrive. OTHER LINKS Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
All you need to know to ensure your journey to your destination goes without a hitch. Review the travel advisories for specific destinations before departure Get useful information on overseas WiFi routers, luggage allowances, and worldwide shipping. Find out more about check-in procedures and options, and get answers to check-in FAQs. Learn about automated clearance, cash declarations, and where to get GST refunds. Be aware of baggage restrictions, security screening, and limits on liquids, aerosols and gels. Experience Effortless Travel with Changi App Check flight information and receive real-time notifications while making full use of Changis travel services. Check flight information and receive real-time notifications while making full use of Changis travel services. Enjoy exclusive parking promos and preferential rates when you travel. Enjoy exclusive parking promos and preferential rates when you travel. Travel fuss-free with competitive rates. Travel fuss-free with competitive rates. Quick links Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
All you need to know for a seamless check-in experience. Stay connected with your family and friends wherever you go without worrying about expensive data roaming costs. Enjoy convenient and secure international mobile broadband for all your smart devices from as low as S$3+/day.Simply rent an overseas WiFi router by making a reservation atChangi Recommendsor visit any Changi Recommends counters in Changi Airport. Stay connected with your family and friends wherever you go without worrying about expensive data roaming costs. Enjoy convenient and secure international mobile broadband for all your smart devices from as low as S$3+/day. Simply rent an overseas WiFi router by making a reservation atChangi Recommendsor visit any Changi Recommends counters in Changi Airport. LUGGAGE ALLOWANCE Most economy class passengers are allowed one piece of hand-carried luggage weighing up to 7kg (16lbs) and measure no more than 115cm (46). Do check with your airline as the actual hand-carry luggage allowance vary by airline, destination and type of ticket held. Please note that you should keep your portable chargers in your hand-carried luggage instead of checking them in. For more information, do check the general Baggage Restrictionshereor with yourairlines. Most economy class passengers are permitted to check in up to 20kg of luggage. Do check with your airline as the actual luggage allowance vary by airline, destination and type of ticket held. For luggage in excess of the allowed weight, you may choose to either pay an excess baggage fee or airfreight it to your destination as unaccompanied luggage. Do remember to check in any liquids, aerosols or gels which are in containers larger than 100ml. For more information, check general Baggage Restrictionshereor with yourairlines. Excess baggage rates vary by airline, destination and ticket type. Please contact your airline for actual rates. Generally, you must not bring these items on board: Find out more about Baggage Restrictionshere. Visit the DHL Express Service Point located at the Changi Recommends Booth (Departure Hall, Terminal 2) to enjoy the convenience, speed and security of sending your excess baggage and gifts overseas. DHL delivers packages of all shapes, sizes and weights to more than 220 countries and territories worldwide, with next-day delivery to major cities in Asia Pacific (including Hong Kong, Tokyo and Bangkok) at attractive rates.With DHLs track and trace capabilities, youll be also able to track your delivery via the Internet or your mobile phone. DHL delivers packages of all shapes, sizes and weights to more than 220 countries and territories worldwide, with next-day delivery to major cities in Asia Pacific (including Hong Kong, Tokyo and Bangkok) at attractive rates. With DHLs track and trace capabilities, youll be also able to track your delivery via the Internet or your mobile phone. OTHER LINKS Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
How to get to Changi Airport from the city and other parts of Singapore. Terminals 1, 2 and 3:You can take buses 24, 27, 34, 36, 53, 110 and 858 to all 3 Terminals. Terminal 4:Public buses 24, 34, 36 and 110 will also bring you to Terminal 4. Payment options for public transport include contactless  bank cards, mobile wallets, stored-value EZ-Link/NETS FlashPay cards, and Singapore Tourist Pass. Do note that admin fees apply for payments with foreign-issued bank cards. Stored-value EZ-Link cards can be purchased from any Changi Recommends store, and at the Passenger Service Centre or TransitLink Ticket Office at Changi Airport MRT Station. Clickherefor more information on the payment options for public transport. Alternatively, you may use cash to pay for your bus fare. Please prepare the exact fare for your trip as no change will be given. To get to Changi Airport, takethe East West Line to Tanah Merah MRT Station (EW4/CG), then transfer to Changi Airport MRT Station (CG2). Alternatively, take the Downtown Line to Expo MRT Station (CG1/DT35), then transfer to Changi Airport MRT Station. Get detailed train timings on theSMRT Journey Planner. Train Route First Train Last Train From Tanah MerahMRT Station toChangi AirportMRT Station Monday - Saturday:5:20 AM Sunday & public holidays:5:47 AM Daily:11:50 PM From ExpoMRT Station toChangi AirportMRT Station Monday - Saturday:5:23 AM Sunday & public holidays:5:50 AM Daily:11:53 PM Payment options for public transport include contactless  bank cards, mobile wallets, stored-value EZ-Link/NETS FlashPay cards, and Singapore Tourist Pass. Do note that admin fees apply for payments with foreign-issued bank cards. Stored-value EZ-Link cards can be purchased from any Changi Recommends store, and at the Passenger Service Centre or TransitLink Ticket Office at Changi Airport MRT Station. Clickherefor more information on the payment options for public transport. Hail a taxi on the street, or make a booking in advance by contacting one of the following taxi operators at their respective hotlines. Surcharges may apply. Passengers can also book private hire cars from Grab, Gojek, Zig, Tada Mobility or Ryde for a ride to the airport. Make a booking via the respective transport providers mobile applications (downloadable on Apple App Store and Google Play Store) and head to theDeparture drop-off points at Terminals 1, 2, 3 or 4. Driving to the airport? Check out the eight car parking locationslocated near the terminals. For passengers dropping off by car, please see ourpick-up points. Other Links Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Take control of your departure experience by checking-in early at Jewel or via your airline's mobile app. Enjoy peace of mind and some free time before your flight, and explore what Changi Airport and Jewel has to offer. JEWEL EARLY CHECK-IN LOUNGE Jewel Early Check-in Facility, located at Level 1 of Jewel Changi Airport opens daily from 08:00AM to 11:59PM. For passengers with odd-size luggage (e.g golf bag, wheelchair, stroller, etc), you may check them in at Jewel Early Check-in Lounge if you are travelling on airlines departing from Terminal 1 (except Scoot and Qatar Airways). Please refer to the timings below for your airline. From 3 to 24 hours before Flight Departure Time From 3 to 18 hours before Flight Departure Time Scoot (EXCLUDING Jeddah) From 3 to 12 hours before Flight Departure Time On the same day, at least 3 hours before Flight Departure Time Passengers who have checked-in via this facility can get to enjoy perks such as buy-1-get-1-free offers and discounts of up to 20% off participating brands in Jewel!*T&Cs apply, check promo coupons issued upon check-in for details. Passengers who have checked-in via this facility can get to enjoy perks such as buy-1-get-1-free offers and discounts of up to 20% off participating brands in Jewel! *T&Cs apply, check promo coupons issued upon check-in for details. Check-in online for a smoother departure experience through the airport. Don't forget to drop off any check-in luggage at your airline's check-in row. Check-in online for a smoother departure experience through the airport. Don't forget to drop off any check-in luggage at your airline's check-in row. FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ABOUT CHANGI AIRPORT EARLY CHECK-IN At Changi Airport, passengers have the option to check in early for added convenience. Early check-in allows travellers to drop off their baggage and receive their boarding passes ahead of their scheduled departure, starting from 3 to 24 hours before the flight. This service is particularly beneficial for those who want to explore the airports amenities or simply avoid the last-minute rush. Unlike regular check-in, which opens about 2 to 3 hours before departure, early check-in provides more flexibility and reduces time spent in queues. Most airlines operating out of Changi Airport offer the option to check in online, allowing passengers to select their seats and print their boarding passes from the convenience of their home or office. However, there are exceptions, and some smaller or charter airlines might not provide this service. Passengers are advised to check with their respective airlines directly for specific online check-in availability. To complete online check-in for flights departing from Changi Airport, passengers will need their booking reference or ticket number and the passport details of all travellers. Some airlines may also require travellers to enter visa details or other travel documentation depending on their destination. Its important to have all necessary documents handy at the time of online check-in to ensure a smooth process. When checking in online, passengers with special needs or additional requests can manage these preferences through the airlines website. Most airline interfaces offer options to add extra baggage, request assistance at the airport, or make other necessary arrangements. If specific needs arent addressed on the online check-in platform, passengers should contact the airline directly to ensure all accommodations are in place before arriving at the airport. If passengers encounter any difficulties during the online check-in process, it's important to address the issue promptly to ensure a smooth and stress-free journey. Here are the steps you should follow: By following these steps, passengers can effectively address issues encountered during online check-in, minimising delays and ensuring that their travel plans remain on track. For passengers who opt for early check-in at the Jewel Early Check-in Lounge, luggage can be conveniently dropped off at thecounters located within the lounge itself. For passengers with odd-sized baggage, passengers flying on airlines departing from Terminal 1 may check in their odd-sized baggage at Jewel Early Check-in Lounge(except Scoot and Qatar Airways). For passengers flying on airlines departing from Terminals 2-4, please proceed to the check-in row at the main terminal for assistance. However, if passengers choose to check in online, theyll need to drop off their luggage at their airlines designated check-in row in the departures hall of the corresponding terminal at Changi Airport. The luggage drop-off service at both locations is typically available from 12 to 24 hours before the flights departure, but hours may vary depending on the airline and terminal After completing online check-in, may proceed to drop off any checked baggage at the Jewel Early Check-in Lounge, or at the designated airline counters.. Following luggage drop-off, passengers can head straight to the security checkpoint and proceed to immigration. Once cleared, theyre invited to enjoy Changi Airports numerousairport eateriesandpopular outletsin the transit halls. For those seeking a quiet and comfortable place to relax, Changi Airports snooze lounges offer a serene environment where travellers can unwind or catch up on work before their flight. This lounge is equipped with comfortable seating, high-speed internet, and other amenities to enhance your waiting experience at the airport. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Enjoy shorter queues and greater flexibility. FAST is a suite of self-service options for departing passengers. These options are available to passengers travelling with participating airlines and eligibility criteria apply. First, collect your boarding pass and printyour bag tag(s) at theAutomated Check-in Kiosks. You may then proceed toimmigration if you do not requiredocument checks and have no check-inbags. This option is available topassengers travelling with . Next, tag and drop your check-in bag(s) at theAutomated Bag-Drop Machine.This option is only available topassengers travelling withparticipating airlines. At theAutomated Immigration Gates, scan your passport, boarding pass, and iris/fingerprint to authenticate your identity. Once you reach theAutomated Boarding Gates, scan your boarding pass and have your photo taken.You are now ready to board your flight! OTHER LINKS Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
What to know and look out for, to clear immigration swiftly. For express immigration self-clearance, travellers can use the automated gates. All travellers can enjoy the convenience of automated clearance when they depart Singapore via Changi Airport if their biometrics have been enrolled during arrival immigration clearance. Travellers can use automated clearance as long as they hold a valid International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) compliant passport. For more information, please refer toICAs website When you buy goods in Singapore, you are required to pay GST on your purchases if the retailer is registered for GST.The Tourist Refund Scheme (TRS) allows you to claim a refund of the GST that you paid on goods purchased from the participating retailers if they are brought out of Singapore via Changi International Airport or Seletar Airport, subject to the criteria and conditions of the scheme. When you buy goods in Singapore, you are required to pay GST on your purchases if the retailer is registered for GST. The Tourist Refund Scheme (TRS) allows you to claim a refund of the GST that you paid on goods purchased from the participating retailers if they are brought out of Singapore via Changi International Airport or Seletar Airport, subject to the criteria and conditions of the scheme. The Tourist Refund Scheme (TRS) allows eligible tourists to claim a refund of the GST that you paid on goods purchased from the participating retailers if they are brought out of Singapore via Changi Airport or Seletar Airport. To be eligible for a GST refund under this scheme, you must satisfy all the following criteria: *For the definition of Specified Person, please refer to the GST Refund Guide for Visitors on Tourist Refund Scheme (link below) The eTRS is a paperless process; you will not receive any eTRS ticket, and purchases will be tagged to your passport. If you wish to claim GST Refund on your purchases, you should present your passport to the retailers upon payment. To review or select your purchases for GST Refund, you may wish to visit the e-services portal athttps://touristrefund.sg. Applying for GST Refund can be done at GST Refund facilities at the terminal of your departure. For claims on items to be checked-in, GST Refund has to be done before your flight check-in. For claims on hand-carried items, GST Refund has to be done in departure transit after clearing immigration. Dont forget to collect your original receipt or invoice before leaving the shop. As eTRS is a voluntary scheme, not all retailers in Singapore operate the scheme. GST-registered retailers may choose to operate the scheme on their own or engage the services of a Central Refund Agency.There are currently three Central Refund Agencies in Singapore:Global Blue Singapore Pte. Ltd. Global Tax Free Pte. Ltd. Retailers who operate the scheme on their own usually display signs that indicate 'Tax Refund' in their shops. However, it is best that you check with the retailers if they are operating the scheme. The actual amount refunded may be lesser than the GST you have paid as a handling fee for the refund service will be deducted by the retailer, Central Refund Agency or operator of Central Refund Counter. Do arrive at the airport early to allow sufficient time for your GST refund to be processed and goods to be inspected, if necessary. You are required to seek endorsement at the Customs Inspection Counter in the terminal where you will be checking-in your goods or where your flight will be departing from. You must also depart with the goods on a flight within 12 hours after obtaining approval of your GST refund. For check-in items:Prior to checking-in the goods, please proceed to the eTRS self-help kiosk at the Departure Check-in Hall (before Departure Immigration) to apply for GST Refund. For hand-carried items:Please proceed to the eTRS self-help kiosk at Departure Transit Lounge (after Departure Immigration) to apply for GST Refund. At the kiosk, you will be asked to: Once you have completed the steps above, you will be shown the status of your refund on the kiosk. If your purchases need to be inspected, please proceed to the Customs Inspection Counter for the physical inspection of the goods. Please present the goods, together with your passport, the original invoice(s) or receipt(s) and your confirmed flight itinerary or boarding pass to the Customs Inspection Counter for endorsement. Refund via Credit CardThe approved refund amount will be credited to the specified credit card within 10 calendar days. Refund via CashPlease proceed to the GST Cash Refund Counter in the Departure Transit Lounge (after Departure Immigration) to collect your cash. Refund via AlipayFollow through the instructions at the kiosks or counter to receive your Alipay refund. The GST refund counters are located at both public and transit areas, and are open 24 hours, daily. Terminal 1 Terminal 2 Terminal 3 Terminal 4 GST Refund is also located at Jewel Level 1 (near iShopChangi Collection Centre and Changi Lounge), please note that this service is only available to passengers who use Early Check-in facility at Jewel. For further details on GST refund, please clickhere A traveller who enters or leaves Singapore is required to give a report if he carries with him an amount exceeding S$20,000 (or its equivalent in a foreign currency). The report shall be handed over to the Immigration Officer at the Customs Red Channel on arrival in Singapore and at the Immigration Counter on departure from Singapore. The form 'Physical Currency and Bearer Negotiable Instruments Report (Traveller)', which is available in English, Chinese, Malay and Japanese, can be obtained from the Immigration card counter, police post(s) and the airlines. Do approach any Immigration Officer for assistance to complete the report. A traveller who enters or leaves Singapore is required to give a report if he carries with him an amount exceeding S$20,000 (or its equivalent in a foreign currency). The report shall be handed over to the Immigration Officer at the Customs Red Channel on arrival in Singapore and at the Immigration Counter on departure from Singapore. For more information or to submit a declaration, please refer to theImmigration & Checkpoints Authority (ICA) website. Please note that this is NOT a currency control regime. There is no restriction on the type or amount that can be moved into or out of Singapore as long as a report is given. You may wish to visit the Singapore Police Force website for more information as the law also covers receipts from outside Singapore as well as movement through cargo, post and other means. Please note that this is NOT a currency control regime. There is no restriction on the type or amount that can be moved into or out of Singapore as long as a report is given. Helpful Links Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Important information and tips for clearing security. As part of international safety measures to protect you and your loved ones when travelling, some items may be prohibited on the aircraft. It is an offence if you fail to comply with these measures, as the safety of all passengers on the flight could be compromised. Generally, you must not take on board items listed below. Do note that these lists are not exhaustive. Singapore implemented guidelines that restrict the amount of liquids, aerosols and gels (LAGs) that passengers can carry in their hand-carried luggage. LAGs that do not meet the guidelines must be checked-in. Guidelines on LAGs These apply to all flights departing from Singapore. LAGs purchased at Changi which are in containers larger than 100ml should be kept sealed in their sealed tamper-evident bags provided by the shops, with the receipt clearly displayed in the sealed bags. Any other items of similar consistency Shopping within Public AreaIf you have purchased LAGs from shops within Changi Airport's Public Areas, please place the items into your check-in luggage prior to checking-in for your flight. If the items do not exceed a maximum capacity of 100ml per container, you may hand-carry them in the 1-litre transparent and re-sealable plastic bag, which must be completely closed. Shopping within Departure Transit AreaYou can continue to purchase LAGs, such as liquor, wine, beer, perfumes and cosmetics, at shops located within Changi Airport's Departure Transit Area. Please ensure that LAGs purchased at Changi which are in containers larger than 100ml should be sealed in security tamper evident bags, with the receipt clearly displayed in these bags. If your items are in containers with a maximum capacity of not more than 100ml each, you may choose to hand-carry them in the 1-litre transparent and re-sealable plastic bag, which must be completely closed. If you are transferring or transiting at other airports, please check the restrictions applicable at those airports. Do check with Changi Airport shop staff for details. If you are travelling to Australia or the United States, or are travelling on United Airlines, you are strongly encouraged to check with your airline if you are eligible to purchase LAGs (liquor, perfumes and cosmetics only) in Changi orrefer to this guide. If eligible, you must make your purchase at least 90 minutes prior to the departure time. For all other passengers, there is no cut-off time for the purchase of LAGs in Changi Airport prior to the departure time. OTHER LINKS Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
All you need to know about transferring to your next flight. To qualify as a transit passenger, travellers must: Note: Travellers who intend to clear arrival immigration to enter Singapore during their layover will need to fulfill allpublic health and entry requirementsto ensure a smooth journey into Singapore. Additionally, those with booked flights that require them to enter Singapore to collect tickets or baggage and check in again for their connecting flight must also meet all necessary public health and entry criteria. Transit travellers from eligible countries, including India and the Peoples Republic of China (PRC), holding valid onward air tickets, may qualify for a 96-hour Visa Free Transit, permitting a stay of up to 96 hours in Singapore.Entry eligibility will be assessed by the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (ICA) officers at the point of entry. Transit travellers from eligible countries, including India and the Peoples Republic of China (PRC), holding valid onward air tickets, may qualify for a 96-hour Visa Free Transit, permitting a stay of up to 96 hours in Singapore. Entry eligibility will be assessed by the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (ICA) officers at the point of entry. Transit travellers from eligible countries, including India holding valid onward air tickets, may qualify for a 96-hour Visa Free Transit, permitting a stay of up to 96 hours in Singapore.Entry eligibility will be assessed by the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (ICA) officers at the point of entry. Transit travellers from eligible countries, including India holding valid onward air tickets, may qualify for a 96-hour Visa Free Transit, permitting a stay of up to 96 hours in Singapore. Entry eligibility will be assessed by the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (ICA) officers at the point of entry. REST & REJUVENATE Book a comfortable room without having to clear immigration Book a comfortable room without having to clear immigration Relax in tranquil environments between flights at these pay-per-use lounges Relax in tranquil environments between flights at these pay-per-use lounges Take a quick nap or just relax in comfortable, free-to-use snooze lounges Take a quick nap or just relax in comfortable, free-to-use snooze lounges Revitalise with shower facilities, nail care, foot reflexology and massage therapies Revitalise with shower facilities, nail care, foot reflexology and massage therapies EXPLORE THE BEST OF CHANGI Discover a wondrous world where nature meets retail! Explore beautiful spaces and art creations that evoke a sense of wonder Discover iconic landmarks, rich heritage and hidden local gems! Discover iconic landmarks, rich heritage and hidden local gems! DONT JUST SHOP. SHOP CHANGI. Bringing you more delightful experiences with these exclusive deals! Bringing you more delightful experiences with these exclusive deals! Click here to check out the list of shopping and dining outlets which are open in Changi Airport. Click here to check out the list of shopping and dining outlets which are open in Changi Airport. Enjoy exclusive benefits, privileges, and GST-absorbed purchases when you shop with the Changi Rewards card. Enjoy exclusive benefits, privileges, and GST-absorbed purchases when you shop with the Changi Rewards card. Here's a more rewarding way to shop & pay at Changi Airport, Jewel & iShopChangi. Get a S$5 voucher upon signing up! Here's a more rewarding way to shop & pay at Changi Airport, Jewel & iShopChangi. Get a S$5 voucher upon signing up! THINGS TO DO AROUND CHANGI Journey to the East: 6 picture-perfect places in Singapores Changi Precinct USEFUL INFORMATION AT YOUR FINGERTIPS Stay posted on all the ins and outs for Changi Airport with all the right information at a tap away. Stay posted on all the ins and outs for Changi Airport with all the right information at a tap away. OTHER USEFUL INFORMATION Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
If you are transiting through this tiny island-state, you can discover Singapores sights and sounds, and rich heritage with the Free Singapore Tour. For travellers withatleast 5.5 hours to 24 hours to sparetill your connecting flight, join one of our free 2.5-hour guided tours. There are three bus tour itineraries to choose from, each featuring two brief photo stops at iconic landmarks. TOUR ELIGIBILITY Level2, Departure Transit Hall(Near Gate F50)Opening hours:7:00 AM-7:00PM Level2, Departure Transit Hall(Near Gate A1-A8)Opening hours:7:00 AM-7:00PM Certain tour itineraries feature food sampling segments. If you have any food allergies, please take necessary precautions and inform the tour guide before the tour commences. See modern Singapore. Get a photo of the Merlion against the city skyline and marvel at the magical, Avatar-like Supertrees at Gardens by the Bay. See modern Singapore. Get a photo of the Merlion against the city skyline and marvel at the magical, Avatar-like Supertrees at Gardens by the Bay. Discover Singapore's colonial past and cultural heritage through a visit to the historic Civic District, Chinatown, and the picturesque Kampong Gelam. Discover Singapore's colonial past and cultural heritage through a visit to the historic Civic District, Chinatown, and the picturesque Kampong Gelam. Experience what it feels like to live as a Singaporean, through an exploration of the charming east side of Singapore, away from the hustle and bustle of the city. Experience what it feels like to live as a Singaporean, through an exploration of the charming east side of Singapore, away from the hustle and bustle of the city. Tour timings anditineraries Reporting Time (atBooth) 10:00 AM - 12:30 PM Changi Precinct Tour Before 8:30 AM 12:00 PM - 2:30 PM City Sights Tour Before 10:30 AM 1:00 PM - 3:30 PM Heritage Tour Before 11:30 AM 4:00 PM - 6.30 PM City Sights Tour Before 2.30 PM 6:00 PM - 8:30 PM Heritage Tour Before 4:30 PM 7:00 PM - 9:30 PM City Sights Tour Before 5:30 PM Frequently Asked Questions The tours are available daily, including weekends and public holidays. The Free Singapore Tour booths are open daily. The operating hours are Level2, Departure Transit Hall(Near Gate F50)Opening hours:7:00 AM-7:00PM Level2, Departure Transit Hall(Near Gate A1-A8)Opening hours:7:00 AM-7:00PM All tours are conducted in English. Chinese audio devices are available upon request at the registration booth Depending on the issuing country of the passport you are holding, passengers of eligible nationalities enjoy visa-free entry into Singapore. Please clickhereto find out if you require a visa to enter Singapore. Possession of a valid visa does not guarantee entry into Singapore. Please refer to theentry requirementsfor more information. Visa Free Transit Facility (VFTF) Passengers of eligible nationalities may also qualify for VFTF if prevailing entry requirements are met. Assessment for entry is determined by the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (ICA) officers at the point of entry. For more information, please clickhere. Please note that extension of stay is strictly prohibited for transit travellers under the VFTF. Yes, it is a requirement for clearing Arrival Immigration. For a seamless experience, you are strongly encouraged to complete the onlineSingapore Arrival Cardwithin three (3) days prior to the date of arrival in Singapore. For more information, please visit:https://www.ica.gov.sg/enter-transit-depart/entering-singapore/sg-arrival-card Yes, you can pre-book only one (1) tour itinerary up to fifty (50) days before your intended tour date. Before booking, please ensure that your layover coincides with the tour schedules. Once you're ready, select your preferred tour, date, and time, and follow the booking process. Upon arrival at Changi Airport, please make your way to the nearest Free Singapore Tour boothin the Transit Areaat least 90 minutes before your scheduled tour timing. Please refer to theTerms and Conditionsof the Free Singapore Tour. All Free Singapore Tour participants are required to sign an Indemnity Form when reporting at the Free Singapore Tour service counter before commencement of tour. To ensure a smooth experience for all tour participants, it is essential for transit passengers to arrive at the Free Singapore Tour booth at least 90 minutes prior to the scheduled tour start time for the check-in process and attendance confirmation. Tour check-in will close 75 minutes before the tour commences. Following a short briefing, the group will clear Arrival Immigration together. The Free Singapore Tour is exclusively available for transit and transfer passengers of Changi Airport only. If you are visiting Singapore, you are not eligible to participate in the tour. No, passengers who participate in the Free Singapore Tour are required to complete the entire tour programme without breaking away from the group. Participants will be transported back to Changi Airport. Drop-off points include Terminal 2, Terminal 3, and Terminal 1/Jewel Changi Airport. All passengers are responsible for their subsequent flight check-in and security procedures at their respective terminals. No, passengers without a transit hotel booking are not permitted to participate in the Free Singapore Tour.As this complimentary service is for transit and transfer passengers of Changi Airport, passengers with a long layover may consider booking accommodation at Changi Airports full-fledgedtransit hotels. The transit hotels offer flexible block-hour rates and are conveniently accessible before (if you arrive early) and after the tour (if you depart late). Unfortunately, the tours are not suitable for wheelchair and stroller users due to the tour route. You can only participate in one tour as transit passengers can only enter and exit Singapore once, in accordance with the guidelines provided by the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority of Singapore (ICA). More information on each of the tour itineraries are available on the Free Singapore Tour website. Passengers below 18 years old are unable to participate in the tour alone unless accompanied by an adult. All passengers have to sign an indemnity form prior to the tour, and signatories must be 18 years old and above. In the unlikely event that participants are separated from the tour group, they must arrange their own transportation to the airport at their own expense. If you need further assistance, please email us atcag.fst@changiairport.com. We will respond to you within 7 working days. SINGAPORE TRANSIT TOUR For transit travelers withat least 7 hoursbetween flights and want to explore beyond the complimentary tours, there are three paid tour options, ranging from4 to 6 hours. Choose the one that best fits your itinerary and interests and immerse yourself in the city's vibrant culture, iconic attractions. Clickhereto find out more! Indulge in the breathtaking beauty of Gardens by the Bay and uncover the natural treasures of the Marina. Indulge in the breathtaking beauty of Gardens by the Bay and uncover the natural treasures of the Marina. Discover Singapore's iconic sights on an exciting river cruise and end the tour with a taste of Singapore's cultural heritage Discover Singapore's iconic sights on an exciting river cruise and end the tour with a taste of Singapore's cultural heritage Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Weary after a long flight? Book a comfortable room without having to clear immigration at Changi Airports transit hotels. Please do not clear immigration if you wish to stay at a transit hotel. Terminal 1Location: Level 3, Departure Transit Hall (above Gate D41)Operating Hours: 24 hours dailyTel:+65 6808 2388Email:rsvn.sin@myaerotel.comWebsite:https://www.myaerotel.com/en-uk/find/asia- Whether it is an overnight stay or a quick nap to fight jetlag, travellers can configure booking hours to suit their needs at the Aerotel Airport Transit Hotel. With sleek and carefully-tailored designs,travellers can look forward to rooms which are well-equipped with power showers and an array of amenities, as well as a swimming pool with jacuzzi to refresh, relax and rest while in transit. Promotions at Aerotel:Enjoy 15% off room rates between 0900hrs (check-in) and 1800hrs (check-out) daily! Passengers can learn more about our rates for Aerotel Airport Transit Hotel below: https://www.myaerotel.com/en-uk/find/asia- Terminal 2Location: Level 3, Departure Transit Hall SouthOperating Hours: 24 hoursTel:+65 6288 8911Map Terminal 3Location: Level 3, Departure Transit Hall (next to the Movie Theatre)Operating Hours: 24 hoursTel:+65 6507 9788Map Email:enquiry@harilelahospitality.comWebsite:http://www.harilelahospitality.com/ Located within the Departure Transit Hall of Changi Airport, the Ambassador Transit Hotels are equipped with a host of facilities that provide passengers with everything they need for a comfortable stay. Wake-up call services are also available, so you don't have to worry about missing your flight. Passengers can learn more about our rates for Ambassador Transit Hotel below: https://www.harilelahospitality.com/terminal-3-new Location: JetQuay CIP TerminalOperating Hours: 24 hours dailyTel:+65 6262 2220Email:reservations@jetquay.com.sgWebsite:www.jetquay.com.sgFacebook:https://www.facebook. Immerse yourself in a one-of-a-kind ambience with enhanced comforts when you arrive, depart or transit through Changi Airport. With four beautiful suites all boasting a garden view, the JetQuay Suite package is available for a stay of six hours, which can be extended upon request. The package is inclusive of a shower, meal, and lounge access. Rates S$120 for first 6 hours,S$20 per hour extension thereafter. S$200 for 10 - 22 hours. Note Travellers looking to rest and refresh during their transit in Singapore can directly contact the hotels via their provided telephone numbers or email addresses. Alternatively, bookings can be made online through the hotels' respective websites. Yes, Changi Airport's transit hotels offer day room options perfect for travellers with long layovers, ensuring a comfortable and convenient stay without the need to clear immigration. The Aerotel Airport Transit Hotel and Ambassador Transit Hotels provide flexible booking hours to accommodate the varying needs of transit passengers, allowing them to book rooms for short stays during the day or overnight. The JetQuay Sleeping Suite also offers a package for a six-hour stay, with the option to extend if needed. There's no need for shuttle services; a short walk leads you directly to the welcoming doors of Changi Airports transit hotels. Simply follow the airport signs or refer to our handymapsto guide you to your restful retreat. Yes, all the transit hotels mentioned Aerotel Airport Transit Hotel, Ambassador Transit Hotel, and JetQuay Sleeping Suite are operational 24 hours a day. This ensures that regardless of your arrival or departure time, you'll be able to access comfortable accommodations to rest, refresh, and rejuvenate during your transit through Changi Airport. Changi Airport is renowned for its wide array ofairport eateries, and passengers staying at the transit hotels have convenient access to numerous restaurants located within the transit halls. Whether you're looking for a quick snack or a leisurely meal, you'll find a variety of dining venues in eachairport terminal. The transit hotels also have their own dining establishments you can enjoy while rejuvenating before your next flight. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Need a quiet place to rest or catch up on work? Your airline might have an exclusive lounge facility Enjoy an elite travel experience at your leisure Enjoy an elite travel experience at your leisure Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
British Airways Lounge Tel: +65 6214 4195Location: Level 3, Departure Transit Hall Clickherefor more information Emirates Lounge Tel: +65 6543 3501 / +65 6543 3503 (After operating hours)Location: Level 3, Departure Transit Hall Clickherefor more information Marhaba Lounge Tel: +65 6546 4976Location: Level 3, Departure Transit Hall Qantas Business Lounge Tel: +65 6543 8113 / +65 6543 8114Location: Level 3, Departure Transit Hall Clickherefor more information Qantas First Lounge Tel: +65 6543 8113 / +65 6543 8114Location: Level 3, Departure Transit Hall Clickherefor more information Qatar Airways Premium Lounge Tel: +65 6241 5184Location: Level 3, Departure Transit Hall Clickherefor more information SATS Premier Lounge Tel: +65 6541 8500Location: Level 3, Departure Transit Hall SATS Special Services Lounge SATS Premier Check-in Lounge Location: Level 2, Departure Hall SilverKris Lounge Tel:+65 6223 8888 (SIA 24 hours Contact Centre)Location: Level 3, Departure Transit Hall Clickherefor more information KrisFlyer Gold Lounge Tel:+65 6223 8888 (SIA 24 hours Contact Centre)Location: Level 3, Departure Transit Hall Clickherefor more information SATS Premier Lounge Tel: +65 6541 8885Location: Level 3, Departure Transit Hall SATS Special Service Lounge SATS Premier Check-in Lounge DBS Private Access Lounge Tel: +65 6543 3473Location: Level 3, Departure Transit Hall Clickherefor more information SIA First Class Check in Lounge Tel: +65 6223 8888Location: Level 2, Departure Hall Marhaba Lounge Tel: +65 6242 7512Location: Unit #03-09A, Level 3, Departure Transit Hall SilverKris Lounge Tel: +65 6223 8888 (SIA 24 hours Contact Centre)Location: Level 3, Departure Transit Hall Clickherefor more information KrisFlyer Gold Lounge Tel: +65 6223 8888 (SIA 24 hours Contact Centre)Location: Level 3, Departure Transit Hall Clickherefor more information SATS Premier Lounge Tel: +65 6541 1280Location: Level 3, Departure Transit Hall SATS Special Service Lounge Tel: +65 6541 1880Location: Level 2, Departure Transit Hall DBS Private Access Lounge Tel: 1800 221 1818 (24hours hotline)Location: Level 3, Departure Transit Hall Clickherefor more information SIA First Class Check in Lounge Location: Level 2, Departure Hall Blossom SATS & PlazaPremium Lounge For walk-in passengers, please refer to prevailing rateshere.(Please note that massage services are temporarily unavailable.) Tel: +65 6581 3073Location: Level 2M, Departure Transit Hall Cathay Pacific Lounge Location: Level 2M, Departure Transit HallClickherefor more information Most airline lounges at Singapore Changi Airport are designed to cater to passengers flying in premium classes or those holding elite status with specific airlines. However, selected lounges such as the DBS Private Access Lounges at Terminals 2 and 3, and Blossom SATS & Plaza Premium Lounge at Terminal 4, also welcome guests who may not fit these prior criteria through paid access, credit card memberships, or lounge membership programmes. Passengers may also approach anypay-per-use lounge in Changi Airportto enjoy relaxation, leisure, business, and culinary amenities for a fee. If you're not flying premium or don't have elite status, you can still enjoy airline lounge access by purchasing a day pass, using eligible credit cards, or joining a lounge membership program. Some lounges may offer online booking options for convenience, allowing you to secure your spot before your travels. The airline lounges at Changi Airport offer a range of amenities designed to enhance your travel experience, including comfortable seating, complimentary food and beverages, shower facilities, Wi-Fi, workstations, and in some cases,spa and massage services. These facilities ensure that passengers can relax, dine, or work in comfort before boarding their next flight out of Singapore. Access to airline lounges may be subject to certain restrictions or eligibility criteria, including dress code, membership in airline loyalty programs, or lounge membership schemes. It's advisable to check specific lounge policies in advance to ensure compliance and a smooth experience. Yes, passengers on layovers or in transit can access Changi Airport transit lounges provided they meet the lounge's access criteria. These lounges offer a perfect respite, allowing you to relax or refresh yourself between flights. Several airline lounges at Changi Airport offer family-friendly areas or facilities, catering to travellers with young children. These may include play areas, kid-friendly food options, and entertainment, ensuring a comfortable experience for all family members. Information about the location and operating hours of specific airline lounges can be found on the Changi Airport website, on the specific airlines website, or by consulting airport information desks. Access to most airline lounges is included with certain ticket classes or membership statuses. However, for those seeking paid access, fees vary by lounge. It's recommended to check pricing in advance to budget accordingly. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Location: Terminal 1, Level 3, Departure Transit Hall (above Gate C1) Operating Hours: 24 hours, daily Tel:+65 6443 2730 Email:singapore@plaza-network.com Website:www.plazapremiumlounge.com Map Enjoy award-winning facilities and services, while savouring delectable signature dishes such as Singapore Laksa and Chicken Rice. You can also relax in private resting suites and enjoy refreshing showers with full amenities. Food and beverage is available 24/7. **Prices are in Singapore Dollars and subject to prevailing local taxes and service charges SERVICE TYPE NO. OF HOURS RATE Lounge Use Adult 3 hours S$55 5 hours S$97 10 hours S$195 Child (above 2 years old) 5 hours S$55 Child (below 2 years old) Complimentary Private Resting Suite Single Suite 6 hours S$155.51 Extension per hour S$21 Family Suite 6 hours S$225.54 Extension per hour S$21 Location: Terminal 2, Level 3, Departure Transit Hall Operating Hours: 24 hours, daily Tel:+6562410978 Map Email:atl@harilelahospitality.com Website:http://www.harilelahospitality.com/ The Ambassador Transit Lounge offers passengers a spacious, yet cosy, environment where you can unwind and wait in comfort for your next flight. In-lounge facilities include printing services, workstations, gym, shower facilities and amenities, as well as private napping suites. SERVICE TYPE NO. OF HOURS RATE Lounge Use Adult 3 hours S$55 5 hours S$97 10 hours S$195 Child (above 2 years old) 5 hours S$55 Child (below 2 years old) Complimentary Private Nap Room Adult 6 hours S$120 Extension per hour S$15 Location: Hub & Spoke (Public area beside Terminal 2) Operating hours: 7:30 am to 10:00 pm daily Map The facilities at Hub & Spoke offers an alfresco setting for travellers to rest and enjoy a meal before or after their flight. Travellers who flash a valid boarding pass or proof of itinerary within 8 hours of stated arrival or departure time will be entitled to a 20% discount off all food and drinks (except alcohol) at Hub & Spoke Caf and Overflow. Travellers can also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi and digital reading materials, or purchase add-ons on site. Facility Price Location Pay-per-use Showers S$5 Single-entryS$7 Two-time entry Purchase at the entrance of the shower facility Disposable towels S$4.50/piece Purchase from vending machines at the entrance of shower facility Pay-per-use Gym From S$7.50/session Purchase at Exercise Pods (Gym Pod) Pay-per-use class-based fitness activity From S$10/session Purchase at Exercise Pods (Flow Pod) Bicycle Rental From S$8/hour Purchase at the bicycle rental shop (GoCycling) Operating hours: Saturday, Sunday and Public Holidays: 9:00 am - 9:00 pm Location: Terminal 3, Level 3, Departure Transit Hall (next to the Movie Theatre) Operating Hours: 24hrs, daily Tel:+65 6507 9798 Map Email:atl@harilelahospitality.com Website:http://www.harilelahospitality.com/ The Ambassador Transit Lounge offers passengers a spacious, yet cosy, environment where you can unwind and wait in comfort for your next flight. Guests can make use of the printing services, workstations, gym, shower facilities and amenities, beauty and massage services, as well as private napping suites. SERVICE TYPE NO. OF HOURS RATE Lounge Use Adult 3 hours S$55 5 hours S$97 10 hours S$195 Child (above 2 years old) 5 hours S$55 Child (below 2 years old) Complimentary Private Nap Room Adult 6 hours S$120 Extension per hour S$15 Location: Terminal 4, Departure Transit Hall, Level 2M (near 7-Eleven) Operating Hours: 24hrs, daily Tel:+65 6581 3073 Map The Blossom Lounge offers catering services, shower facilities and a hospitality area, where you can have a massage, manicure or pedicure before your flight. You can also get your favourite beverages at the bar. SERVICE TYPE NO. OF HOURS RATE Lounge Use Adult 3 hours S$55 5 hours S$97 10 hours S$195 Child (above 2 years old) 5 hours S$55 Child (below 2 years old) Complimentary Napping Plus with Massage Adult 3 hours S$96 Massage Facilities Adult 15 minutes S$18 30 minutes S$30 60 minutes S$54 Location: Jewel Changi Airport, Level 1 (public area) Operating Hours: 6:00 am to 10:00 pm daily (Last order at 9:00 pm) Tel: +65 6513 8743 Email:reservations.changilounge@changiairport.com Looking for a tranquil environment to refresh yourself in between your travel plans? Enjoy free flow of light snack, comfortable seating and high-speed internet connectivity. There are also shower room and nap room facilities, for those who seek to be rejuvenated before the next leg of their journey. Private meeting rooms are also available for booking. Note: Priority Pass (including LoungeKey and LoungeKey Pass), Dragon Pass and DreamFolks members are accepted with valid boarding pass. Enjoy 3 hours of lounge access catered to your different needs. Lite Package: Adult: S$28++ | Child: S$20++ Classic Package: Adult: S$39++ | Child: S$27++ Premium Package: Adult: S$50++ | Child: S$39++ Ala carte services for addons:Shower only (includes linen and toiletries): Nap Pod Facility: Note: Timeslot reservations for shower and nap pod facility can only be made over Changi Lounges Service CounterMeeting Room: (Includes stationery, presentation facility and access to snack bar) Extra Perk:Enjoy free parking* for 50% of guests with minimum of 2h meeting room booking. To book a meeting room, please write in toreservations.changilounge@changiairport.com. *Valid for Jewel / Terminal 1 carpark levels B3 to B5 only. Terms and conditions apply. Terms and Conditions Location: JetQuay CIP Terminal Operating Hours: 24 hours daily Tel:+65 6262 2220 Email:reservations@jetquay.com.sg Website:www.jetquay.com.sg Facebook:https://www.facebook. SERVICE TYPE NO. OF HOURS RATE Quayside Adult To arrive at Jetquay 2 hours before flight S$400 Sleeping Suite Adult 1 - 6 hours (Half-day) S$120 Per hour extension S$20 10 - 22 hours (Full day) S$200 Lounge Access Adult 1 - 3 hours S$55 Note Prices are subjected to 9% GST Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
PUT YOUR FEET UP AND RELAX Changi Airport offers passengers a unique opportunity to unwind and take a break in our comfortable, free-to-use snooze lounges. These rest areas are designed to provide a tranquil space where you can catch a quick nap, relax, or simply enjoy a moment of peace before your next flight. Our rest areas are available 24/7, reflecting our commitment to catering to the needs of travellers at all hours. This round-the-clock availability is particularly beneficial for passengers with layovers during late hours or those arriving from different time zones seeking a place to rest. Yes, the rest areas are designed to enhance passenger comfort, featuring ample seating options and charging stations for your electronic devices. These amenities ensure that passengers can rest comfortably and remain connected. There are no strict time limitations for using the free rest areas; however, they are intended for short-term relaxation and naps. We encourage passengers to be considerate of others by limiting their use, especially during busy periods, to allow everyone the opportunity to rest. Absolutely! The free rest areas are accessible to all passengers, regardless of their airline or ticket class. These facilities are part of our commitment to offering a comfortable experience to every traveler passing through the airport. The snooze lounges are ideal for short naps to recharge during layovers. For overnight stays, while passengers can use these rest areas, they are more suited for short-term rest due to the public nature of the spaces and the general flow of airport operations. Passengers are asked to use the rest areas considerately, keeping noise to a minimum and disposing of any trash properly. Personal belongings should be kept with you at all times to maintain the cleanliness and security of the area. Yes, the snooze lounges are designed to be accessible to all passengers, including those using wheelchairs. Accessibility features ensure that everyone can use these facilities comfortably. Yes,food and beverage servicesare conveniently located near the free rest areas, offering a variety of options to satisfy your needs without having to travel far from your resting spot. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
FEEL REFRESHED AND REVITALISED Rejuvenate after your long flight. Visit our paid lounges for shower facilities, nail care, foot reflexology and massage therapies. Charges apply for both lounge access and services. Shower and spa facilities at selected Singapore Changi Airportairline loungesandpay per use loungesare open 24/7 so you can enjoy a refreshing break at any time of the day or night. Whether you're arriving from a long flight or have a layover, our facilities are designed for your convenience and comfort. For other shower andspa services outside of our 24/7 airport lounges, such as atHub & Spoke, opening times may vary. While reservations are not mandatory for shower facilities, we recommend booking in advance for spa facilities and massage therapies to ensure availability. Walk-ins are welcome, but availability cannot be guaranteed Changi Airport offers a variety of spa treatments, including traditional massage therapies, foot reflexology, and back massages, designed to rejuvenate tired travellers. Our professional therapists are skilled in a range of techniques to help you relax and refresh before your next flight, ensuring you board your plane feeling refreshed and ready for your next adventure. Yes, the shower and spa facilities at Changi Airport are accessible to passengers with disabilities. Our facilities are equipped with features designed to ensure a comfortable and convenient experience for all passengers. If you are experiencing any difficulties with accessing anyChangi Airport facilities, do reach out to our helpful airport staff for assistance. Selected shower facilities at Changi Airport come equipped with towels, soap, shampoo, and hairdryers. Additional amenities, such as toiletries and grooming kits, may also be available upon request, ensuring you have everything you need for a refreshing experience. There are currently no age restrictions for using shower facilities in Changi Airport. For younger passengers wishing to use shower facilities, they must be accompanied by an adult. Parents or guardians of young passengers are also advised to take proper safety precautions in case of accidental slips or falls. There may be age restrictions for certain spa services, depending on the tenant providing the service. Generally, spa treatments are available to passengers aged 18 and above. Yes, gift vouchers for our shower and spa services are available via lounge or spa vouchers, respectively. Please contact the specific airport lounge or tenant for more information, or explore our exclusivetravel deals and promotionsfor the latest offers. All major credit cards, cash, and select mobile payment options are accepted forshowerandspa facilitiesand services at Changi Airport. This ensures a hassle-free payment experience, allowing you to enjoy our facilities with ease. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Get contact information and check-in details of airlines at Changi Airport. Contact and check-in details of passenger airlines at Changi Airport. Contact and check-in details of passenger airlines at Changi Airport. Contact details of freighter airlines at Changi Airport. Contact details of freighter airlines at Changi Airport. Please proceed to your airline's regular check-in counter if any of the following applies to you: 1. You are a passenger on staff travel or standby tickets2. You are a passenger with a flight change request3. You are a passenger with excess baggage or a ticketing issue4. You are part of a single booking with more than 7 passengers Enjoy more time at the airport by checking in early. Enjoy more time at the airport by checking in early. Pack only permissible items in your cabin luggage. Pack only permissible items in your cabin luggage. Enjoy up to 50% off. Save more when you purchase our bundles today! Enjoy up to 50% off. Save more when you purchase our bundles today! Check flight information and receive real-time notifications while making full use of Changis travel services. Check flight information and receive real-time notifications while making full use of Changis travel services. FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ABOUT AIRLINES AT CHANGI AIRPORT To contact airlines at Singapore Changi Airport for booking assistance or general inquiries, you can search for their contact information provided in our updated airlines directory. Phone numbers, email addresses, and chat options to connect with customer service are provided, where possible, offering you flexibility in reaching out to your airline of choice. Additionally, most airlines have customer service counters at Changi Airport, where you can speak to representatives in person. Check-in at Changi Airport is made easy with our various flexible, flyer-focused check-in options! These include traditional staffed check-in counters, FAST self-service check-in kiosks, and online check-in available through specific airlines website or mobile app. For added convenience, early or city check-in services are also available for passengers of some airlines, allowing you more time to enjoy the facilities, services, and retail and dining options at Changi Airport and Jewel. Yes, you are recommended to inquire directly with an airline to find out more about their specific special assistance services. Each airline at Changi Airport provides specific services for passengers with disabilities, unaccompanied minors, or those needing special medical attention. It is advisable to arrange these services in advance by contacting the airline directly prior to your flight or travel date. Baggage allowances and restrictions vary significantly between airlines and depend on the class of travel and destination. Detailed information about baggage policies for each airline operating at Changi Airport can be found on their respective websites or by contacting them directly through their customer service channels. Checking this information before your trip can help prevent any issues at the airport during check-in for your flight. Airline lounge access at Changi Airport is typically available to passengers travelling in premium classes or those holding certain frequent flyer status. Additionally, some lounges offer paid access to all passengers regardless of their travel class. Travellers may also head to such pay-per-use lounges across Changi Airport to enjoy amenities such as shower facilities, dining options, and rest areas. Information about airline lounge locations, access policies, and facilities can be found on the Changi Airport website or by inquiring directly with the airline. To find information about airline flight delays, cancellations, or disruptions, you can check the Changi Airport Departures and Changi Airport Arrivals websites for real-time status updates. Changi Airport also offers a mobile app that provides real-time updates on all airline flights, including any changes in scheduling or last-minute disruptions. Staying informed through these channels can help you manage your travel plans effectively in case of any unforeseen events. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Contact and check-in details of airlines at Changi Airport. Contact and check-in details of airlines at Changi Airport. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Contact details of freighter airlines at Changi Airport. Contact details of freighter airlines at Changi Airport. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Get through Changi Airport seamlessly with our curated guides and enjoy a touch of magic with our attractions, facilities and services. Explore our terminals Airport Services Travel to, from, and within Changi Airport with ease using our comprehensive transport guides. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Find out what each terminal offers to travellers and visitors Changi Airport's Terminals Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
A tropical city-inspired terminal with lush greenery and natural light. A tropical city-inspired terminal with lush greenery and natural light. Terminal 1 started operations as Changi's first terminal in 1981. It has since undergone two upgrading and expansion projects. The latest design is based on the thematic concept of a Tropical City and it reflects Singapores reputation as a garden city. Discover exciting experiences and must-see spots in T1 Discover exciting experiences and must-see spots in T1 Enhance your journey with top-notch facilities inT1 Enhance your journey with top-notch facilities inT1 Lift your experience with superb services inT1 Lift your experience with superb services inT1 Splurge in exceptional shopping at T1 Splurge in exceptional shopping at T1 Indulge in culinary delights at T1 Indulge in culinary delights at T1 Catch the latest buzz and what's happening at T1 Catch the latest buzz and what's happening at T1 AIRPORT SERVICES AT T1 Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Welcome to the all-new Terminal 2 (T2), where nature meets modernity. Welcome to the all-new Terminal 2 (T2), where nature meets modernity. T2 seamlessly merges the realms of architecture and landscape. The terminals carpet mirrors natural topography to guide your path, while clouds dance on the ceilings above. By incorporating natural materials and hues, the terminal aims to engender serenity for passengers and visitors alike. Explore unique attractions and hidden gems at T2 Explore unique attractions and hidden gems at T2 Enhance your journey with top-notch facilities in T2 Enhance your journey with top-notch facilities in T2 Lift your experience with superb services in T2 Lift your experience with superb services in T2 Find diverse retail experiences here in T2 Find diverse retail experiences here in T2 Find diverse dining experiences here in T2 Find diverse dining experiences here in T2 Catch the latest buzz and what's happening at T2 Catch the latest buzz and what's happening at T2 AIRPORT SERVICES AT T2 Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
A hub of modern luxury designed to bring joy and comfort to every traveller. A hub of modern luxury designed to bring joy and comfort to every traveller. T3 is equipped with more than 900 skylights which allow natural daylight into the terminal but keeps the tropical heat at bay. It also has lots of gardens and greenery in the terminal. The centrepiece is a five-storey-high Green Wall while the transit area has a Crystal Garden and the world's first Butterfly Garden in an airport. Discover nature's beauty and attractions in T3 Discover nature's beauty and attractions in T3 Enhance your journey with top-notch facilities in T3 Enhance your journey with top-notch facilities in T3 Lift your experience with superb services in T3 Lift your experience with superb services in T3 Splurge with exclusive retail options in T3 Splurge with exclusive retail options in T3 Savour with premier dining options in T3 Savour with premier dining options in T3 Catch the latest buzz and what's happening at T3 Catch the latest buzz and what's happening at T3 AIRPORT SERVICES AT T3 Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Where innovation and efficiency come together seamlessly. Where innovation and efficiency come together seamlessly. T4 aims to serve a larger community of passengers, ensuring that our passengers can travel with ease of mind with greater travel options.T4 boasts environmentally friendly design elements with optimal use of natural lighting and energy management systems.In 2018, T4 won thePrix Versailles Architectural Award for South Asia and the Pacific as a testament to its state-of-the-art design. Unforgettable attractions await you at T4 Unforgettable attractions await you at T4 Enhance your journey with top-notch facilities in T4 Enhance your journey with top-notch facilities in T4 Lift your experience with superb services in T4 Lift your experience with superb services in T4 Enjoy retail therapy with a side of affordable eats at T4 Enjoy retail therapy with a side of affordable eats at T4 Enjoy retail therapy with a side of affordable eats at T4 Enjoy retail therapy with a side of affordable eats at T4 Catch the latest buzz and what's happening at T4 Catch the latest buzz and what's happening at T4 Airport Services at T4 Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Discover how easy it is to travel to, from, and around Changi Airport. GETTING TO AND LEAVING THE AIRPORT Discover transportation options between Changi Airport and the city, as well as other parts of Singapore. Find out how to get to Changi Airport from the city and other parts of Singapore. Find out how to get to the city and other parts of Singapore from Changi Airport. transfer between terminals and Jewel Learn how to transfer between terminals and get to Jewel from Terminals 14. TRANSPORT SERVICES Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
It's easy to get around Changi Airport by Skytrain, shuttle bus, or on foot. Jewel is located in the public area, between T2 and T3, and is directly connected to T1. If you are transiting through Changi, you will need to clear arrival immigration to enter Singapore and visit Jewel. From T1 Jewel's North entrance is connected to the Arrival Hall of T1, Level 1. From T2 Jewel is a 5 to 10 minute walk from Terminal 2 via the link bridge at Level 3 (near the MRT station). From T3 Jewel is a 5 to 10 minute walk from the Departure Halls of T3 (near Crowne Plaza) via the link bridge. BETWEEN T1, T2 & T3 By Skytrain Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected by a complimentary Skytrain service in both the public and transit areas. Operating hours:5:00AM - 2:00AM On Foot Transit areas Public TO/FROM T4 By Shuttle Bus Terminal 4 is accessible by a complimentary shuttle bus services at both public and transit areas. The shuttle bus journey between terminals at the public area takes about 10 minutes and the shuttle bus journey between terminals at the transit area takes between 10 to 18 minutes. Note: If you are transferring to Terminal 4 within the transit area, please ensure that your itinerary is through checked to your final destination. Real-time bus arrival information is availablehere. Shuttle Bus Frequency Frequency (Daily) T1/ JEWEL - T4 T2/ MRT - T4 6.00AM to 12.00AM (DirectService) 9 to 26 mins 6 to 26 mins 12.00AM to 6.00AM (T2/MRT - T1/Jewel - T4) (Loop Service) 31 mins Shuttle Bus Pick-up and Drop-off Points Location Boarding Point Alighting Point T1/ Jewel T1 Departure Central Kerbside T2/ MRT T2 Arrival Pick-up Door 1 T4 T4 Arrival Bus Lounge T4 Departure Door 4 Time Frequency Route All day 13 mins T1 Gate C21 >T3 Arrival Immigration Hall A >T4 Transfer Lounge The estimated time taken to travel between the terminals using the transit shuttle bus is as follows: OTHER LINKS QUICK LINKS Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Going across the causeway is easy with these coach services to Johor Bahru. Transtar Cross Border Coach Services to Johor Bahru TS1: Changi AirportJohor Bahru CIQ (via Woodlands Checkpoint) TS1 Adult Child From Changi Airport to Johor Bahru CIQ S$11 S$5.50 From Johor Bahru CIQ to Changi Airport RM13 RM6.50 Book your coach tickets to Johor Bahru withhttps://www.transtar.travel/. Payment can be made in local currency (depending on boarding point) by cash or EZ-link card only. No change will be given and all tickets sold are non-refundable. TS1 (6 daily return services) Service Timing First Bus from Changi Airport 8:15 AM Last Bus from Changi Airport 9:15 PM First Bus from Johor Bahru 5:00 AM Last Bus from Johor Bahru 7:15 PM Terminal 1 Arrival Coach Bay B / C Terminal 4 Arrival Coach Bay 7 / 8 If you are at Terminal 2 or 3, please make your way to Terminal 1 Arrival Hall Coach Bay to board the bus. Important Notes: Other Links Booking a bus ticket online is straightforward and convenient. Simply visit the Transtar Travelwebsite, and on the homepage, select whether you need a one-way or return ticket. Specify your departure from Changi Airport and your arrival in Johor Bahru (JB), then choose your travel date. Browse through the available coach services and select the one that best suits your schedule. Next, indicate the number of tickets you need and provide passenger details, including full name, mobile number, and email address. You'll also have the option to add travel personal accident insurance. Once all information is confirmed, proceed to make your payment to secure your booking. Coaches from Changi Airport to Johor Bahru operate daily, with multiple departures spread from morning until night. Specifically, the first coach departs at 8:15 AM, and services continue with the last coach leaving at 9:15 PM. While there are several buses each day directly from Changi Airport, additional services are available from other pickup locations throughout Singapore, providing flexibility and convenience for travellers heading to Johor Bahru. The travel time from Changi Airport to Johor Bahru by coach generally takes about 2 hours. However, the duration can vary depending on traffic conditions and the time spent at customs and immigration checkpoints. Travellers should allow extra time for these variables, especially during peak travel periods. The allowable luggage is one piece weighing up to 15KG per person for storage in the luggage compartment, plus one hand-carry item weighing up to 7KG that can be taken onto the coach. For Transtar Cross Border Services, an adult ticket costs S$11 when departing from Changi Airport to Johor Bahru CIQ.Children below 7 years old can enjoy half price rides at S$5.50. Coaches to Johor Bahru depart from Changi Airport at the Arrival Coach Bay located at Terminal 1 pick-up point Bay B/C and Terminal 4 pick-up point Bay 7/8. If you are arriving or waiting in Terminal 2 or Terminal 3, you will need to make your way to Terminal 1's Arrival Hall Coach Bay to board your bus. Clear signage and information counters throughout the airport can assist you in finding this location easily. Travellers going from Changi Airport to Johor Bahru by coach must comply with Malaysian immigration laws. This includes having a valid passport and if required, a visa. Be sure to check the latest visa requirements based on your nationality before departure. Additionally, ensure all travel documents are ready for inspection at the border checkpoint, as you will undergo immigration procedures when entering Malaysia.Most foreign citizens travelling to Malaysia are required to complete the Malaysia Digital Arrival Card (MDAC) within three (3) days prior to arrival. Please check if you are exempted from this requirement. No amendments or cancellations are allowed. Passengers are only allowed to reschedule once per trip on the same date. Tickets must be utilised on the same date as per booking; otherwise, they will be considered as a no-show. For more details, please contact Transtar Travel directly at TS1@transtar.travel or +65 6297 9009. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
ELECTRIC VEHICLE CHARGING Electric Vehicle (EV) charging stations offering paid charging services are available. Please download the SP Utilities app to charge the EVs. Prevailing charging rates apply. Charger type: 22 kW AC/ 50 kW AC Note: Please move your EV to another carpark space within 30mins after it is fully charged, to enable usage by other drivers. Locations: T1/ JEWEL CAR PARK T1/Jewel Car Park, B3, Lobby C, parking spaces 207-212 T2 CARPARK T2 Carpark 2A, Level 3, parking spaces 98, 99, 144 Enjoy exclusive parking promotions and preferential rates on Changi App! Enjoy exclusive parking promotions and preferential rates on Changi App! PREFERENTIAL PARKING RATES Going on a short overseas trip and prefer the convenience of driving and parking your own car at the airport? Reduce your travel stress and enjoy preferential rates when you book your parking at the airport for duration of more than 24 hours. The Park & Work scheme is a temporary parking scheme to cater to airport staff without season parking, and are required to return to the airport on an ad-hoc basis. Purchase 9 hours parking credits in a bundle of 5 coupons at S$5 (usual price: S$108). The Park & Work scheme is a temporary parking scheme to cater to airport staff without season parking, and are required to return to the airport on an ad-hoc basis. Purchase 9 hours parking credits in a bundle of 5 coupons at S$5 (usual price: S$108). NORMAL PARKING RATES CARS AND VANS Car Park Charges Terminal 1 / Jewel Car Park Short-term Parking (B2M and B2)First 90 minsS$0.65/15 mins block Subsequent 30 mins or part thereofS$5/30 mins General Parking (B3 to B5)S$0.65/15 mins block Terminal 2, 3 and 4Car Parks A & B S$0.65/15 mins block Hub & Spoke Car Park(Open-air car park between Terminal 2 and JetQuay) S$0.60/15 mins block Car Park Charges Terminal 1 Car ParkTerminal 2 Car Park 2A & 2BTerminal 3 Car Park 3A & 3BTerminal 4 Car Park 4A & 4B (Main terminal car parks) S$1.40/day(7:00 AM6:59 AM the next day) Coach Stand Charges Terminal 1, 3 and 4 Coach Stands S$1.155/ 15 mins Terminal 2 Coach Stand S$1.25/ 15 mins All car parks at Changi Airport are managed by an electronic parking system. This means payment will automatically be deducted from a CashCard or Autopass Card at the car park exit station. Please insert the card into the In-vehicle Unit or the reader in the exit station. Do ensure sufficient value in the card before exiting. Receipts are available on request. You may top up the value in your CashCard or Autopass Card using the top-up machines located in the Terminals and car parks. The top-up machines only accept payment via NETS. For cash top-up, drop by any Cheers store located in Terminals 2, 3 or 4. For assistance, you may call the car park service hotline at+65 9336 2249. Car Park Charges Terminal 1 Car Park Level B2M to B5 (next to Lift and Escalator Lobby) Level B2M to B5 (Car Park Exit) Terminal 2 Car Park 2A Level 1 (Car Park Exit) Level 3 (Lift Lobby for Lifts 9, 10 and 11) Terminal 2 Car Park 2B Level 2 (Terminal Building Entrance from Car Park) Terminal 3 Car Park 3A Level B1 (in front of Airline Offices and Car Park Exit) Level B2 (beside Car Park Booth and Car Park Exit) Terminal 3 Car Park 3B Level B1 (beside Lift PL12 and PL13 and Car Park Exit) Level B2 (Terminal Building Entrance from Car Park and Car Park Exit) Terminal 4 Car Park 4A Level 1 (Lift Lobby) Terminal 4 Car Park 4B Level 1 (Lift Lobby) For general parking enquiries, please email Wilson Parking (S) Pte Ltd atairportmanagement@wilsonparking.com.sg Alternatively, you may also contact them at the following hotline: Terminals 1, 2,3, 4 and Changi Airfreight Centre +65 9336 2249 Seasonal parking services are available in Changi Airport and Changi Airfreight Centre. For information on application procedures for Changi Airport, please email Wilson Parking (S) Pte Ltd atpark@wilsonparking.com.sg Alternatively, you may also contact them at the following hotline: Terminals 1, 2,3, 4 and Changi Airfreight Centre+65 6411 5592 Please refer to the full terms and conditionshere. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
As an inclusive airport, we provide a range of accessible facilities and services to make your travel experience extra comfortable. As an inclusive airport, we provide a range of accessible facilities and services to make your travel experience extra comfortable. If your baby is travelling with you, you may bring expressed breast milk onboard the aircraft. If not, you need to store the milk in containers not exceeding 100ml. You may obtain one directly at any of our Information Counters across all terminals and Jewel. From playgrounds to baby care rooms, we have all you need to entertain and take care of your kids. Find out what we offer at each terminal. If your child is below the age of 12 and travelling alone, you can contact your airline for unaccompanied minor service. Refer to our Airlines page for contact details. Should you have special requests for your flights or require any medical assistance onboard, our airline partners can assist you with them. Find their contact here. OTHER ASSISTANCE Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Changing rooms, playgrounds and all things pertaining to taking care of your little ones. A collection of convenient facilities that is essential for your visit. Meeting rooms, charging ports and printing services for when you are on-the-go. A ride to suit every need. A ride to suit every need. Take a refreshing dip while waiting for your next flight. Take a refreshing dip while waiting for your next flight. Complimentary use of wheelchairs inthe airport and in Jewel. Complimentary use of wheelchairs inthe airport and in Jewel. Clinics and paramedics are 24/7 ready and located at close quarters in Changi Airport. Clinics and paramedics are 24/7 ready and located at close quarters in Changi Airport. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. Whether youre staying for a few hours or overnight, YOTELAIR is just the place for a respite from hectic schedules. YOTELAIR offers flexible check-in and check-out time, available 24 hours, perfect for business travellers and transit passengers on the go. YOTELAIR's cabins are affordable, comfortable and smartly-designed adaptable spaces, providing all the amenities you need to work or relax, right up till your next flight. You can also enjoy the 24/7 signature Club Lounge overlooking Jewel's verdant landscaping. Website:http://www.yotelair.com/ Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Plan your events at our world class venues. Plan your events at our world class venues. Be it a cherished celebration, a milestone birthday bash, or an important business meeting, our meticulously designed event venues provide the ideal setting. From grand corporate galas, conferences, and events to intimate festive gatherings and birthday celebrations, our unique venues offer unforgettable experiences for every occasion, with a promise to elevate your events to unparalleled heights. From grand corporate galas, conferences, and events to intimate festive gatherings and birthday celebrations, our unique venues offer unforgettable experiences for every occasion, with a promise to elevate your events to unparalleled heights. Plan a perfect dream wedding against the iconic backdrops at Changi Airport. Plan a perfect dream wedding against the iconic backdrops at Changi Airport. Looking for a unique location and fun way to celebrate your kids special day in Jewel Changi Airport? An aviation-themed party at Changi Experience Studio - an airport-themed digital attraction - might be just what you are looking for! Looking for a unique location and fun way to celebrate your kids special day in Jewel Changi Airport? An aviation-themed party at Changi Experience Studio - an airport-themed digital attraction - might be just what you are looking for! We're happy to connect with you. Contact us atcloud9piazza@changiairport.comandces.sales@changiairport.comfor enquiries and customisation requests. For customisation requests, please also share your requirements with us. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Plan your event at our world class venues. If you are planning a seminar or team bonding event, we offer a diverse range of spaces for you to consider. The Hub & Spoke venue offers a picturesque outdoor event area adorned with lush foliage and greenery. Additionally, it houses the Hub & Spoke Caf, Overflow Bar, GoCycling bicycle rentals, and convenient shower facilities. The versatility of the space makes it prime for hosting sports events and nurturing meaningful team bonding sessions. For enquiries and bookings, write tohubandspoke@changiairport.com Within this first-of-its-kind digital attraction that houses interactive exhibits, games and shows, Changi Experience Studio is an ideal venue for Family Day events, corporate team building, company townhalls, conferences and client networking events. There are a few venue options, including an event space that features an exclusive 12m-long balcony offering panoramic and unblocked views of the Rain Vortex, a seminar room well-equipped for corporate meetings, seminars, workshops and cosy private functions, as well as an elegant private suite for an exclusive private event. Explore exclusive year-end party packages to celebrate the festive season. Clickhereto view the brochure. For enquiries and bookings, write toces.sales@changiairport.com Perched on the highest level of Jewel and encompassed by a charming park featuring distinctive play amenities, Cloud9Piazza provides visitors with an unparalleled view of the HSBC Rain Vortex, all within a rejuvenating open-air environment that offers air-conditioned comfort. This space is perfectly suited for corporate and community gatherings, as well as consumer lifestyle and experiential events. For enquiries and bookings, write tocloud9piazza@changiairport.com We're happy to connect with you. Contact us atattractions@changiairport.comfor enquiries and customisation requests. For customisation requests, please also share your requirements with us. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Plan a perfect getaway wedding against the many iconic backdrops at Changi Airport. Have your dream wedding with the scenic Jewel backdrop. There is a venue at Changi Airport for every wedding you're dreaming of. All venues listed below are located within Jewel Changi Airport. An iconic landmark in Singapore where lush nature meets stunning architecture, Jewel Changi Airport is a one-of-a-kind venue for every occasion. Hold celebrations at the top-most level of this architectural wonder, against the backdrop of the breathtaking HSBC Rain Vortex. At a sizeable 1,000 sqm, Cloud9 Piazza offers an abundance of opportunities for customisation to make your dream wedding come true.For enquiries and bookings, write tocloud9piazza@changiairport.com An iconic landmark in Singapore where lush nature meets stunning architecture, Jewel Changi Airport is a one-of-a-kind venue for every occasion. Hold celebrations at the top-most level of this architectural wonder, against the backdrop of the breathtaking HSBC Rain Vortex. At a sizeable 1,000 sqm, Cloud9 Piazza offers an abundance of opportunities for customisation to make your dream wedding come true. For enquiries and bookings, write tocloud9piazza@changiairport.com Hold an intimate solemnisation at the elegant Valley View Private Suite. Enclosed with a private open balcony overlooking the Shiseido Forest Valley, idyllic views of the valleys lush greenery complete the romantic garden theme. The size of the suite and cushy fit-out is perfect for hosting smaller groups of guests or a cosy tea reception.For enquiries and bookings, write tocloud9piazza@changiairport.com Hold an intimate solemnisation at the elegant Valley View Private Suite. Enclosed with a private open balcony overlooking the Shiseido Forest Valley, idyllic views of the valleys lush greenery complete the romantic garden theme. The size of the suite and cushy fit-out is perfect for hosting smaller groups of guests or a cosy tea reception. For enquiries and bookings, write tocloud9piazza@changiairport.com Hold your solemnisation ceremony at a relaxed alfresco garden setting in cool comfort beneath Jewels unique glass-domed roof at Jewels Canopy Park (Level 5). A three-metre-high flower arch located near the Topiary Walk and surrounding rich greenery complete the gorgeous picture as couples exchange their vows.For enquiries and bookings, write tocontact.us@jewelchangiairport.com Hold your solemnisation ceremony at a relaxed alfresco garden setting in cool comfort beneath Jewels unique glass-domed roof at Jewels Canopy Park (Level 5). A three-metre-high flower arch located near the Topiary Walk and surrounding rich greenery complete the gorgeous picture as couples exchange their vows. For enquiries and bookings, write tocontact.us@jewelchangiairport.com Post-solemnisation, unwind with an after-party or tea ceremony here. Host up to 20 guests in this modern lounge fitted with stylish seating and luxurious furnishings, located at Level 4 of Jewel. Pamper your guests with light snacks and beverages.For enquiries and bookings, write tocontact.us@jewelchangiairport.com Post-solemnisation, unwind with an after-party or tea ceremony here. Host up to 20 guests in this modern lounge fitted with stylish seating and luxurious furnishings, located at Level 4 of Jewel. Pamper your guests with light snacks and beverages. For enquiries and bookings, write tocontact.us@jewelchangiairport.com Always dreamt of getting married in a romantic setting or taking your wedding photos against a breath-taking backdrop? Here are five reasons why you should plan a unique and memorable wedding at Changi Airport! Jewel Changi Airport Yes, halal options are available for both Jewel venues and Hub & Spoke. For Jewel wedding venues, there is a comprehensive list of catering partners of which a number are halal certified. For Hub & Spoke, halal option is available upon request and will be prepared in a separate kitchen. For enquiries, bookings or information: Event space bookings need to be made minimum one month in advance. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Make birthday celebrations a magical one at Changi Experience Studio! In a decorated party venue, celebrate your little loved ones special day with family and friends, with a special birthday gift and exclusive goodie bags for your guests. As part of the party, enjoy a fun-filled time and create unforgettable memories playing all games about the airport within the attraction! Includes: We're happy to connect with you. Contact us atces.sales@changiairport.comfor enquiries and customisation requests. For customisation requests, please also share your requirements with us. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Explore an enticing array of shopping and dining options across Changi Airport's terminals and Jewel. Whether it's casual bites or exquisite dining, discover global cuisines that will make your travel experience memorable. Whether it's casual bites or exquisite dining, discover global cuisines that will make your travel experience memorable. From quick retail therapy to indulgent splurge, explore exclusive retail options to elevate your travel experience. From quick retail therapy to indulgent splurge, explore exclusive retail options to elevate your travel experience. Enhance your experience when you dine and shop at Changi Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
UNFORGETTABLE WORLD CLASS DINING Enjoy mouth watering local delights There is no better time spent but those with family. Treat yourself to a little bit of luxury. Explore dining options, discover great deals and make reservations! Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Indulge in world class shopping Enjoy events fit for your entire family. Treat yourself to a little bit of luxury. Changi Airport regularly hosts special themed events for special ocassion, just to make your stay in the Airport a joyous experience Dual concept with a unique 7Caf+ concept store at Terminal 3 Basement 2 Offering activities for you to do in Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive privileges and rewards as you shop. Enjoy exclusive privileges and rewards as you shop. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Pay like a local overseas with no transaction fees Changi Pay is a better way to pay at Changi Airport, Jewel Changi Airport and iShopChangi.com. You can pay and earn Changi Rewards points in a single scan. What's more, you can enjoy exclusive shopping and dining deals by collecting and using vouchers every week! And now, you can even enjoy competitive exchange rates at your favourite travel destinations via Alipay+ network for a fuss-free travel with no transaction fee. Refer to ourFAQfor full list of countries accepting Changi Pay. Download the Changi App and activate Changi Pay with your Singapore-registered phone number now! CHANGI PAY KEY FEATURES AT A GLANCE You can now scan and pay overseas via Alipay+ with Changi Pay. Give the money changers a miss for yournext overseas trip. You can payquickly and safely with Changi Pay at Alipay+ enabledmerchants overseas with notransaction fees.What's more, receive S$50 worth of e-Vouchers when you pay with Changi Pay in China, Malaysia and any other countries that accept Alipay+.View ourTerms and  Asked Questionsfor full list of countries accepting Changi Pay. Give the money changers a miss for yournext overseas trip. You can payquickly and safely with Changi Pay at Alipay+ enabledmerchants overseas with notransaction fees. What's more, receive S$50 worth of e-Vouchers when you pay with Changi Pay in China, Malaysia and any other countries that accept Alipay+. View ourTerms and  Asked Questionsfor full list of countries accepting Changi Pay. More Reasons to use Changi Pay Set up your Liquid account with Changi Pay before your trip to China and pay with Changi Pay! GetS$10 off*with a minimum spend of S$50. Don't forget to save the e-Voucher before you check out with Changi Pay.\*T&Cs apply GetS$10 off*with a minimum spend of S$50. Don't forget to save the e-Voucher before you check out with Changi Pay.\ *T&Cs apply Enjoy exclusive Changi Pay deals when you shop and dine at Changi Airport & Jewel Changi Airport. Stay tuned every week for new release of deals! Enjoy an effortless digital experience for payment and rewards. Scan & Pay at Changi Airport, Jewel Changi Airport and iShopChangi.com. Top Questions Singapore Changi Pay is accepted at selected merchants at Changi Airport, Jewel Changi Airport (Jewel) and iShopChangi via the Changi Pay QR, with more merchants accepting Changi Pay progressively. o In Singapore, Changi Pay allows you to seamlessly make payment for your purchases at Changi Airport and Jewel, with the following payment methods: Linked credit/debit card E-vouchers (where applicable) *Refer tohttps://www.changiairport..htmlfor list of outlets accepting Changi Pay via Changi Pay QR o Changi Rewards points will be awarded to you automatically if you make eligible payments using Changi Pay at participating outlets in Changi Airport and Jewel via Changi Pay QR codes. You do not need to go through the hassle of scanning your Changi Rewards e-card or presenting your physical Changi Rewards card at the cashiers to earn Changi Rewards points. o E-vouchers can be found on Changi Pay. Stored in a single wallet (Changi Pay), you will not lose any vouchers or miss out on special deals ever again! Outside of Singapore For overseas payment, Changi Pay allows you to make payment for your purchases using your Liquid account balance at all merchants that accepts Alipay+ as a mode of payment in the following countries: - Australia - China (Mainland China only)* - European Economic Area (EEA)** - Hong Kong (coming soon) - Japan - Malaysia - Macau (from 17 Dec 2023) - Philippines (coming soon) - Qatar - San Marino - South Korea - Switzerland - Thailand (coming soon) - United Kingdom - United States *Only for Mainland China, users may use Changi Pay to pay any Alipay acceptance points ** EEA countries (Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain; Sweden; Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway) If you face any issues while paying overseas, kindly write in to us atenquiry@changiairport.com, we understand that merchants overseas might not be familar / be configured with Alipay+ and it's network of wallets currently and are working with our partners to improve on this experience. Changi Pay is available as a feature in the Changi App. You are not required to download another app for Changi Pay. Changi App is available for download on the Apple App Store and Google Play Store. You would need to 1. Log in to your Changi Pay account within the Changi App 2. Activate/Log in to your Liquid Account in Changi Pay 3. Top up your Liquid Account via Paynow 4. Let the merchant know you would like to pay via Alipay+ (/Zhi Fu Bao in China) 4a. If the merchant requests for your QR code, select "Show my QR code" in the "Pay" page and present it to the merchant 4b. If the merchant presents you with a QR code, scan their QR code using the camera in"Pay" If you have any issues setting up your Liquid Account, please contactsupport@liquidgroup.sgfor assistance and include the following as per your Changi Account: 1. Name 2. Mobile number 3. Email address If you have any issues setting up your Liquid Account, please contactsupport@liquidgroup.sgfor assistance and include the following as per your Changi Account: 1. Name 2. Mobile number 3. Email address Regarding signing up for Changi Pay and using it in Singapore, kindly refer to this link: https://www.changiairport.-pay-guide.html Regarding signing up for Liquid Account for use of Changi Pay in overseas via Alipay+, kindly refer to this link: https://www.changiairport.-payment.html SEE MORE QUESTIONS PLEASE REFER TO THE FULL LIST OF TERMS AND CONDITIONSHERE. POWERED BY LIQUID GROUP PTE LTD The payment services relating to the use of Changi Pay are provided by Liquid Group Pte Ltd (Liquid). Changi Airport Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd is marketing the aforesaid payment services on behalf of Liquid. Liquid is the holder of a Major Payment Institution license for account issuance, domestic and cross-border money transfer, merchant acquisition and e-money issuance under the Payment Services Act. Liquid Groups solutions are certified withPCI DSS v3.2.1under the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council for credit card information security, andISO 27001:2017for information security management and data protection. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
CHANGI REWARDS Introducing the most prestigious tier of Changi Rewards. Explore a diverse range of rewards offered by Changi Airport and our partners. Unlock privileges with Changi Rewards through Changi App. Open the door to a realm of personalised deals, exclusive privileges, and beyond with Changi Rewards. Members Benefits & Privileges You shop, we absorb! Enjoy GST-absorbed shopping at public areas of Changi Airport. Park and Shop at ease with a suite of parking privileges. Park and Shop at ease with a suite of parking privileges. Redeem your Changi Rewards e-Voucher and Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi for greater savings. Redeem your Changi Rewards e-Voucher and Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi for greater savings. Earn points when you shop & dine! Use your points to redeem for e-Vouchers, exclusive items and deals. Offset your shopping with points directly on iShopChangi.com Offset your shopping with points directly on iShopChangi.com Earn Changi Rewards points and STAR$ in a single receipt at Jewel Changi Airport. Earn Changi Rewards points and STAR$ in a single receipt at Jewel Changi Airport. My Rewards Members Specials Member's Exclusive Events Stay up to date with unique and exclusive events EXPLORE REWARDS CATALOGUE Experience Changi Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
From luxury and beauty, to fashion and gifts, take your airport shopping experience to new heights with Changi Airports complimentary 24/7 Shopping Concierge service. Turn to our team of expert personal shoppers for personalised recommendations tailored to your needs. Our Shopping Concierge aims to deliver a stress-free shopping experience. Choose to pamper yourself with a shopping journey by engaging our Shopping Concierge before your flight as they help you navigate through the plethora of shopping options within Changi Airport, or have our Shopping Concierge make purchases in advance and deliver the items personally to you at your boarding gate before you fly. Simply scan the QR codes or click on the button below to chat with our Shopping Concierge today! Insider AccessAs friends of our Shopping Concierge service, gain front row access to Changi Airport's retail landscape. Be one of the first to learn about new product launches and enjoy the privilege of pre-ordering the item ahead of market launch.Exclusive EventsReceive exclusive invitations to events such as the World of Wines & Spirits and Changi 1st events, and be treated to VIP experiences. Insider Access As friends of our Shopping Concierge service, gain front row access to Changi Airport's retail landscape. Be one of the first to learn about new product launches and enjoy the privilege of pre-ordering the item ahead of market launch. Exclusive Events Receive exclusive invitations to events such as the World of Wines & Spirits and Changi 1st events, and be treated to VIP experiences. Seamless and Convenient Shopping ExperienceWith our cross-terminal shopping capabilities, enjoy the flexibility to shop from any of the four terminals and have your items delivered to you at your boarding gate.Exclusive Discounts & PrivilegesAllow our Shopping Concierge to further sweeten the deal with our exclusive promotions, and dedicated White Glove Delivery service.Scroll down to view a list of available promotions. Seamless and Convenient Shopping Experience With our cross-terminal shopping capabilities, enjoy the flexibility to shop from any of the four terminals and have your items delivered to you at your boarding gate. Exclusive Discounts & Privileges Allow our Shopping Concierge to further sweeten the deal with our exclusive promotions, and dedicated White Glove Delivery service.Scroll down to view a list of available promotions. EXCLUSIVE PROMOTIONS Discover exclusive offers available only when you shop via Changi Shopping Concierge! Enjoy S$600 off with a minimum spend of S$6,000 at the Pomellato Boutique.Till 31 December 2024 Enjoy S$600 off with a minimum spend of S$6,000 at the Pomellato Boutique.Till 31 December 2024 Enjoy 10% off all Chlo products with no minimum spend! Plus, spend S$1,500 and receive a complimentary exclusive Chlo notebook (while stocks last). Enjoy 10% off all Chlo products with no minimum spend! Plus, spend S$1,500 and receive a complimentary exclusive Chlo notebook (while stocks last). Enjoy S$20 off with a minimum spend of S$200 or S$50 off with a minimum spend of S$390, exclusively at Braun Bffel. Enjoy S$20 off with a minimum spend of S$200 or S$50 off with a minimum spend of S$390, exclusively at Braun Bffel. Contact Us +65 97253459 FAQ There is no minimum spend required to engage our Shopping Concierge, the service is complimentary for all. Yes, our complimentary Shopping Concierge service is available for both travellers and non-travellers. Please note that if you are making a purchase as a non-traveller, GST at current prevailing rates will apply. You may simply chat with our Shopping Concierge via WhatsApp or WeChat and our expert personal shoppers will get in touch with you to share photos and videos of the products you are interested in purchasing. You may also connect with them over a video call if preferred. Our Shopping Concierge has the expertise and product knowledge required to make product recommendations based on your requests and budget, if any. Travellers For travellers, our Shopping Concierge will meet you in-person at a pre-arranged location to either guide you along on your shopping journey or hand your purchase over to you, depending on your preferred choice. Non-Travellers For non-travellers, you can opt for self-collection and our Shopping Concierge will meet you at a pre-arranged location within the Public area of Changi Airport. Other delivery options include:- When making a purchase with us, our Concierge will advise you on the delivery details accordingly. Please note that there will be no delivery on Sundays and Singapore Public Holidays. Nevertheless, if you require to collect / receive your purchase urgently, feel free to chat with our Shopping Concierge to find out more on the delivery options available. Accepted payment modes differ from tenant to tenant and our Shopping Concierge will advise you accordingly before you make a purchase. As a general guideline, accepted payment modes include Changi Pay, debit cards, credit cards, online payment links, etc. Yes! Our Shopping Concierge will advise you accordingly and ensure you enjoy the maximum savings possible on your purchase. Our promotions are updated regularly. Please chat with our Shopping Concierge to get the latest offers Please refer to ourTerms and ConditionsandReturn Policy. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Discover a realm of entertainment and exploration at Changi Airport. From live experiences to cultural festivities, create lasting memories here at Changi. From live experiences to cultural festivities, create lasting memories here at Changi. Join guided tours that unveil hidden gems within and beyond Changi. Join guided tours that unveil hidden gems within and beyond Changi. Spark your next adventure and fuel your passion for exploration right here. Spark your next adventure and fuel your passion for exploration right here. Our kid-friendly activities and attractions ensure a playful adventure for your little ones. Our kid-friendly activities and attractions ensure a playful adventure for your little ones. Attractions Let cheery blooms brighten your day at the Sunflower Garden, where a majestic view of the runway and aircraft parking bays awaits. Let cheery blooms brighten your day at the Sunflower Garden, where a majestic view of the runway and aircraft parking bays awaits. Enter Dreamscape, an immersive indoor garden where nature and technology merge in a magical symphony. Be captivated by the interactive Enchanted Garden as it magically comes to life with sights and sounds. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Enjoy events fit for your entire family. An exciting collection for all art enthusiasts. Be immersed in the natural wonders within Changi. Redeem perks and purchase attraction tickets easily at any time. Redeem perks and purchase attraction tickets easily at any time. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Fun activities for kids and families! For all kids and kids-at-heart to play to your hearts content. For all kids and kids-at-heart to play to your hearts content. Let your imagination take flight in this virtual reality airport. Let your imagination take flight in this virtual reality airport. Discover 10 zones featuring interactive exhibits, games and shows. Discover 10 zones featuring interactive exhibits, games and shows. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Venture into the ChangiVerse, where your imagination can truly take flight in this virtual reality airport!Embark on a journey of endless possibilities and explore extraordinary landscapes with new friends from around the world. Complete quests to unlock limited-edition collectibles, and discover the hidden surprises waiting for you around every corner. With infinite adventures waiting for you, its time to let your imagination take flight. Join us in the ChangiVerse and experience the magic of Changi Airport like never before. Experience Changi Airport in a new light, where endless adventures await you! From racing in Changi Kart, scaling the control tower as an Obby Expert, to honing your skills as a Baggage Expert or Check-in Champ theres never a dull moment in ChangiVerse.Check out more at the section on Changi Kart & other games! From racing in Changi Kart, scaling the control tower as an Obby Expert, to honing your skills as a Baggage Expert or Check-in Champ theres never a dull moment in ChangiVerse. Check out more at the section on Changi Kart & other games! Keep your eyes peeled once you step into the magical world of ChangiVerse, as purple butterfly tokens await you at every turn.Psst, special golden butterfly tokens lay hidden in 5 secret locations. Think you can find them all? Enter the ChangiVerse to begin your search today! Keep your eyes peeled once you step into the magical world of ChangiVerse, as purple butterfly tokens await you at every turn. Psst, special golden butterfly tokens lay hidden in 5 secret locations. Think you can find them all? Enter the ChangiVerse to begin your search today! To explore ChangiVerse right, you have to do it in style. Stand out from the crowd with cool swag like Butterfly Wings, Dino Luggage, unique Plane Skins all redeemable with Butterfly Tokens! Explore these places in ChangiVerse! Kickstart your exciting journey in ChangiVerse with your first stop at the iconic Jewel Changi Airport. Marvel at the world's tallest indoor waterfall, explore the glamp tents and teleport through portals to enter other locations! It is impossible to miss the majestic Wonderfall at Terminal 2. Earn seeds and plant them to satisfy the different Garden Bosses, revealing magical gardens inspired by Dreamscape at T2.P.S. A surprise awaits for those who unlock the Fire Boss! It is impossible to miss the majestic Wonderfall at Terminal 2. Earn seeds and plant them to satisfy the different Garden Bosses, revealing magical gardens inspired by Dreamscape at T2. P.S. A surprise awaits for those who unlock the Fire Boss! This is the gateway to Changi Kart and other immersive mini-games like Baggage Expert and Check-in Champ. Chat with Max and other NPCs in the Departure Hall to get started on quests! Psst, Level 7 players get special access to the VIP Lounge with exclusive collectibles! Get a birds eye view of the Airport Boulevard when you scale up the control tower via the mini-game - Obby Expert. Wave hello to the skytrain travelling through the terminals and Jewel or to the dinosaurs at Jurassic Mile! You can choose to walk or go-kart around this area. Check out the impressive line-up of planes right here! Design your dream plane with the Plane Configurator, where youll get to choose from a collection of unique planes and plane skins. Packing more fun, wonder and whimsy with Changi Airport's Terminal 2! Inspired by Changis Dreamscape, at Gardentopia, youll find a sprawling garden with various Garden Bosses of different types, ranging from Fire to Rainbow, Jurassic to Cyber. Speak to them to find out what kind of plants they like and plant them nearby to increase their satisfaction level. Earn more seeds and unlock Bosses as you satisfy the requirements of each. Satisfy all 10 Garden Bosses and the game will reset, with new abilities that carry over the more times you complete the game. The magnificent Wonderfall greets you upon arrival, as you find yourself in the virtual version of the newly revamped Terminal 2. Those who have visited before will find the graceful curves of the stucco walls and lush greenery familiar.P.S. Don't miss out on catching the butterflies fluttering around the arrival hall! The magnificent Wonderfall greets you upon arrival, as you find yourself in the virtual version of the newly revamped Terminal 2. Those who have visited before will find the graceful curves of the stucco walls and lush greenery familiar. P.S. Don't miss out on catching the butterflies fluttering around the arrival hall! With the defeat of each Garden Boss, there are exclusive UGCs to bag! Collect all 11, ranging in rarity from common to legendary. Play games to earn tokens and level up! Ready, get set, go-kart! Race to the top of the leaderboard each week by levelling up in Changi Kart race against the clock, zoom through thrilling turns and level up to increase your go-karts max speed. Collect purple Butterfly Tokens to boost your speed whilst avoiding obstacles such as laser windmills or the sweeping tails of dinosaurs lumbering alongside the track. Ready, get set, go-kart! Race to the top of the leaderboard each week by levelling up in Changi Kart race against the clock, zoom through thrilling turns and level up to increase your go-karts max speed. Collect purple Butterfly Tokens to boost your speed whilst avoiding obstacles such as laser windmills or the sweeping tails of dinosaurs lumbering alongside the track. Missing baggage? No problem. Take on the role as a Baggage Expert at Terminal 3 and search for the correct baggage that matches each passengers description. Interact with NPCs at the Departure Hall to begin your quest!Tip: Attention to detail is key to becoming ChangiVerses Baggage Expert! Missing baggage? No problem. Take on the role as a Baggage Expert at Terminal 3 and search for the correct baggage that matches each passengers description. Interact with NPCs at the Departure Hall to begin your quest! Tip: Attention to detail is key to becoming ChangiVerses Baggage Expert! Checking-in in the ChangiVerse is a breeze with your help as a Check-in Champ! Lend a hand at Terminal 3 at the check-in kiosks by interacting with NPCs to kick-start your quest!Tip: Look closely at the flags on each check-in kiosk before checking-in! Checking-in in the ChangiVerse is a breeze with your help as a Check-in Champ! Lend a hand at Terminal 3 at the check-in kiosks by interacting with NPCs to kick-start your quest! Tip: Look closely at the flags on each check-in kiosk before checking-in! Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
By Changi Experience Studio Come along for a fun journey of discovery and learn what makes Singapore Changi Airport an embodiment of world-class service, efficiency and positively surprising experiences for travellers and non-travellers alike. Learning Journeys are conducted atChangi Experience Studio, located within Jewel Changi Airport. Select from a specially curated range of programmes for adults to gain a deeper understanding of how Changi Airport is managed and its innovation journey. Find out about the inner workings of airport operations, experience creation and what it takes to develop a global air hub. With defined learning outcomes for each module, participants will be able to take away transferrable concepts from the programmes and apply them at their own workplace or for personal growth. Programmes are tailored for different learner profiles across all levels. Corporate participants can benefit from the sharing of real-world industry insights. PROGRAMME MODULES Learn about CAG's airport management philosophy which has underpinned Changi Airport's development and growth over the past 40 years. Drawing heavily from CAG's experience with Terminal 4 and Jewel Changi Airport, get a glimpse of CAG's planning philosophy, design principles and approach to innovation and transformation in designing an airport that is ready for the future. Learn about how CAG drives its digital innovation efforts and how it is building a culture of innovation. Gain insights into how CAG's digital squads solve problems and create value through 'out-of-the-box' ways, and the projects that have materialised as a result. Behind the world's most awarded airport is a vast community of more than 200 airport partners and 50,000 staff across diverse functions, coming together to deliver first-class service across all airport touchpoints. Learn more about CAG's holistic Quality Service Management programme, designed to build a culture of service excellence. While Changi Airport continues to push the boundaries and set the standards for the Worlds Best Airport and air hub, sustainability remains an integral part of our business. Learn about CAG's sustainability approach and the initiatives being implemented at Changi Airport to achieve a more sustainable future. Changi Airport houses one of Singapore's largest art collections, ranging from kinetic installations to sculptures and paintings. Learn about the key themes that anchor Changi Airport's art collection and gain a deeper appreciation of the curatorial journey of a commissioned art piece at Changi Airport. Learn about how CAG has integrated greenery into Changi Airport's design, the creative process of designing landscaping exhibits, and the work behind caring for one of the world's largest indoor collection of plants. As one of the busiest international aviation hub in the world, waiting in lines are inevitable during peak hours. Learn about how CAG redesigned processes and reimagined passengers journeys to remove the hassle of waiting. Service design plays an important role in ensuring a human-centric way of designing passenger experience. Learn how CAG applies Design Thinking methodology in service design and leverage various tools to understand, design and test ideas that bring positive impact to our passengers lives. ACTIVITIES & WORKSHOPS Embark on an exciting quest around Jewel Changi Airport to discover fun facts about Jewel and Changi Airport! Use your senses to look for clues and conquer challenges as you explore the wonders of the airport at this quest! As part of the fun, learn about how the airport works through games and interactive exhibits at Changi Experience Studio. Go in-depth and discover how CAG applies Design Thinking methodology in service design, leveraging various tools to understand, design and test ideas that bring positive impact to our passengers lives. Participants will also be challenged to reflect on their own experience with service design and how they might approach it.Through the workshop, participants will have the opportunity to put into practice Design thinking framework and tools on their own problem statements. Go in-depth and discover how CAG applies Design Thinking methodology in service design, leveraging various tools to understand, design and test ideas that bring positive impact to our passengers lives. Participants will also be challenged to reflect on their own experience with service design and how they might approach it. Through the workshop, participants will have the opportunity to put into practice Design thinking framework and tools on their own problem statements. Select from a specially curated range of programmes for students to gain a deeper understanding of how Changi Airport is managed and its innovation journey. Find out more about the inner workings of airport operations, experience creation and what it takes to develop a leading air hub. With defined learning outcomes for each module, participants will be able to take away key concepts and formulate new learning mindsets. Programmes are tailored to different learner profiles. For primary and secondary students, there are modules designed to fit National Education learning objectives too. PROGRAMME MODULES Learn first-hand from an airport manager about the history and development of Changi Airport, and how the airport community stayed resilient while battling against Covid-19 at the frontline. Option for introduction to aviation careers. Careers at The World's Most-awarded Airport Learn about CAG's airport management philosophy which has underpinned Changi Airport's development and growth over the past 40 years. Drawing heavily from CAG's experience with Terminal 4 and Jewel Changi Airport, get a glimpse of CAG's planning philosophy, design principles and approach to innovation and transformation in designing an airport that is ready for the future. Learn how CAG has integrated greenery into Changi Airport's design, the creative process of designing landscaping exhibits, and the work behind caring for one of the world's highest indoor collection of plants. Embark on a guided sketchwalk around Changi Airport and learn about how art is integrated with the airport's experience, and how art pieces are curated. Learn about the key themes that anchor Changi Airport's art collection and gain a deeper appreciation of the curatorial journey of a commissioned art piece at Changi Airport. Learn from CAG's air hub team on how they develop Changi Airport as a global air hub and what it takes for them to maintain Changi's leading position in a highly competitive global aviation landscape. As one of the busiest international aviation hub in the world, waiting in lines are inevitable during peak hours in Changi Airport. Learn about how CAG redesigned processes and reimagined passengers journey to remove the hassle from waiting. Service design plays an important role in ensuring a human-centric way of designing passenger experience. Learn how CAG applies Design Thinking methodology in service design and leverage various tools to understand, design and test ideas that bring positive impact to our passengers lives. ACTIVITIES & WORKSHOPS Embark on an interactive learning journey at digital attraction, Changi Experience Studio! Through 10 difference content zones featuring interactive exhibits, games and shows, students will learn about the history and development of Changi Airport, our air hub connectivity, airport operations behind the scenes, and the spirit of teamwork and community behind the worlds leading air hub. Enhance your Learning Journey or Changi Experience Studio visit with a fun quest around the airport! Choose the Amazing Airport Quest to learn fun facts about the airport, or Sustainable Airport Quest to find out about the airport's green efforts. Spice up the fun as you race around the airport and Jewel with your school mates as you conquer challenges and create memorable moments! Dive into the world of design thinking and hone your child's creative problem-solving skills in this highly educational, introductory-level workshop. From empathising with problems and identifying the needs of travellers, to prototyping their imagination of an airport of the future, they will have fun while learning to create user-centric solutions. Go in-depth and discover how CAG applies Design Thinking methodology in service design, leveraging various tools to understand, design and test ideas that bring positive impact to our passengers lives. Participants will also be challenged to reflect on their own experience with service design and how they might approach it.Through the workshop, participants will have the opportunity to put into practice Design thinking framework and tools on their own problem statements. Go in-depth and discover how CAG applies Design Thinking methodology in service design, leveraging various tools to understand, design and test ideas that bring positive impact to our passengers lives. Participants will also be challenged to reflect on their own experience with service design and how they might approach it. Through the workshop, participants will have the opportunity to put into practice Design thinking framework and tools on their own problem statements. We're happy to connect with you. Contact us atces.sales@changiairport.comfor enquiries and customisation requests. For customisation requests, please also share your requirements with us. FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Changi Experience Studio's Learning Journey Programmes are tailored for different learner profiles ranging from students across all levels to adult learners. For instance, for upper primary and secondary students, there are modules designed to fit National Education learning objectives, while corporate learners can benefit from sharing of real-world industry insights and applications. Content and activities are tailored for different levels of learner profiles, to suit both adult learners and students as relevant. The prices differ for the various modules and group size. For corporates or schools who would like to add on tours, team bonding activities, attraction or camp experiences, the team is able to customise a programme for you. Do write in to ces.sales@changiairport.com to enquire. The learning journey programme is a sit-down sharing session and includes a FAQ section. A tour is considered an add-on for the programme. If you would like to add on a tour, do write in to ces.sales@changiairport.com to enquire. Minimum group size is 30 pax per booking. Maximum group size applies to the various venues. Do write in to us at ces.sales@changiairport.com to discuss how we can meet your needs. To ensure that availability of speakers (airport professionals) and our venues (used to conduct the programmes), do write in to us early to enquire/confirm your booking. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
As the group behind the world-renowned Changi Airport, we are dedicated to delivering exceptional airport experiences. Here, we share our story of growth, and our commitment to innovation, service excellence and sustainable development. Driven by our purpose, Exceptional People, Connecting Lives, we believe in the potential of our people to create extraordinary impact in the communities we serve. The driving force behind our continued success and renowned Changi Experience. The driving force behind our continued success and renowned Changi Experience. Diversifying our business for customers and partners through top-tiered services to transform travel experiences. Diversifying our business for customers and partners through top-tiered services to transform travel experiences. A highly experienced team steers the growth and development of Changi Airport. A highly experienced team steers the growth and development of Changi Airport. Our full range of business functions to run the world's most awarded airport. Our full range of business functions to run the world's most awarded airport. Changi Airport's history traces back to its establishment in 1981, evolving from the relocation from Paya Lebar Airport to meet the burgeoning demand for air travel. This strategic move was aimed at positioning Singapore as a major hub in the global aviation network, marking the beginning of Changi's journey towards becoming a world-class airport. Over the years, Changi Airport has undergone significant transformations, marked by the continuous expansion and introduction of innovative facilities and services. From the opening of Terminal 1 in 1981 to the launch of Jewel Changi Airport in 2019, Changi has consistently enhanced its infrastructure to improve passenger experience and operational efficiency. These developments reflect Changi Airport Group's commitment to innovation and excellence in serving the needs of international travellers and the local community. Changi Airport is renowned for its comprehensive range of facilities that cater to the needs and preferences of travellers. Key facilities includeJewel Changi Airport, a multi-dimensional lifestyle destination; the world's first butterfly garden in an airport andKinetic Rainart installation; state-of-the-artairline lounges; extensive retail and dining options; and innovative services likeautomated boarding gatesand baggage handling systems. These facilities underscoreChangi Airport Group'sdedication to creating memorable experiences for passengers. Changi Airport Groupis deeply committed to environmental conservation. Ourairport sustainability initiativesinclude emissions, waste, and water management, alongside the establishment of risk thresholds and mitigation measures for climate resilience. ViewChangi Sustainability Reportsto find out more about our efforts. Changi Airport Groupactively engages with the community through various initiatives focused on education, youth development, and social responsibility. Programmes such as theChangi Foundationsupport youths-at-risk, while partnerships with local organisations foster community well-being. These initiatives reflect Changi's commitment to giving back to the community and making a positive impact beyond its operational boundaries. Changi Airport currently boasts four terminals, each designed with unique features to enhance the passenger experience. From the thematic gardens and cultural exhibits inTerminal 1to the cutting-edge design and automated systems inTerminl 4, each terminal showcases Changi's dedication to comfort, efficiency, and aesthetic appeal. These terminals collectively offer a seamless and enjoyable travel experience for millions of passengers each year. Looking ahead, Changi Airport Group has outlined ambitious plans for future developments, including theChangi East project. This initiative aims to accommodate the anticipated growth in passenger traffic and enhance Changi's capacity and offerings. Plans include a new runway, a mega terminal, and additional facilities to ensure Changi remains at the forefront of global aviation, ready to meet the evolving demands of the future. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Remembering our rich past, reinventing our future. Relive the significant milestones in our rich history of firsts. Relive the significant milestones in our rich history of firsts. The driving force behind our continued success and renowned Changi Experience. The driving force behind our continued success and renowned Changi Experience. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Remembering our rich past, reinventing ourfuture. Remembering our rich past, reinventing ourfuture. By 1960, Paya Lebar Airport is handling more than 300,000 passengers and 30,000 aircraft movements a year. It welcomes 11 airlines operating 125 weekly flights. Visitor arrivals to Singapore hit 100,000. Over the next two years, the runway at Paya Lebar Airport is extended from 2.4km to 2.7km. This makes it one of the longest runways in Asia. On 1st April 1967, BOAC's Super VC-10, the fastest and most powerful civil jet aircraft of its day, lands at Paya Lebar Airport. Despite the airports growing reputation, the amenities and services at Paya Lebar are still basic and functional. For instance, passengers have to walk up and down mobile steps to embark and disembark their aircraft. Two years later in 1979, the actual construction of Changi Airport begins with the laying of the foundation stone of the Terminal 1 superstructure. On 14 July 1979, SIA and the Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC) sign an agreement to establish air links between the two countries, allowing each airline to operate three flights a week. Even though Changi Airport only officially commenced operations in 1981, we started a series of firsts in the world. We were first to introduce the concept of airport gardens, as well as the first to allow passengers to make free local telephone calls in transit, and more. As an improvement from Paya Lebar Airport, taxi queues were located indoors so passengers were provided with a completely air-conditioned experience from disembarkation to their taxis. On 30 June 1981, the airport moves from Paya Lebar to its new premises at Changi. The following day, Terminal 1 officially becomes operational with the arrival of its first flightSQ101, carrying 140 passengers from Kuala Lumpur at 0700 hrs. The first departing flight, SQ192, leaves for Penang at 0800 hrs on the same day. In just two weeks, 250,000 visitorsor 1 in 10 Singaporeansvisit the airport. Paid tours to the restricted area after immigration are conducted at $0.50 per person. By 1986,Terminal 1 has surpassed the 10 million passenger mark and construction work for Terminal 2 begins. By the early 1990s, Changi is welcoming 52 airlines operating 1,900 weekly flights to 111 cities in 52 countries. Visitor arrivals hit 5.3 million. In 1991, Terminal 2 officially opens to accommodate the ever-growing number of passengers. In the same year, the Changi Airport Skytrains are launched to offer passengers an efficient, comfortable connection between the two terminals. With the dawn of the new millenium, Changi Airport introduces facilities and services catering to a new generation of technology-savvy travellers. Changi Airport is served by 64 airlines operating 3,400 weekly flights to 145 cities in 50 countries. In October 2000, construction of Terminal 3 begins. Changi Airport organised the world's first airport gameshow, 'What's Your Range?' in conjunction with the World Cup. Broadband Internet Access is consolidated at Changi Airport's E-Hub and, by 2004, there were 200 Internet terminals available throughout the airporta record for airports worldwide. SMRT officially opens the Changi Airport MRT Stationconnecting Changi Airport to Tanah Merah on the East-West (EW) line, bringing another option of commute to the airport. To facilitate the travel process, flight alerts are also made available to passengers via SMS, and flight information is accessible on mobile devices in 2002. Spiderman climbs down Changi's 80-metre high Control tower in conjunction with the release of the Spiderman movie in Singapore. In 2004, Changi Airport carries out a six-month trial of the world's first automated check-in system that integrates the check-in and immigration processes for departing travellers. In 2006, Changi Airport wins the inaugural Skytrax World Airport Awards' 'Worlds Best Airport' title. On 26 March, the new Budget Terminal opens. Later in the year, Terminal 2 completes a S$240 million upgrade of its facilities and operational systems. On 1 July, Changi Airport celebrates its 25th anniversary. In October 2007, Changi Airport becomes the first airport to welcome the Airbus A380. SIA becomes the world's first airline to fly the A380 between Singapore and Sydney. On 1 July 2008, Terminal 3 officially opens. The new terminal features a unique butterfly roof which bathes the terminal building in natural sunlight. Not only does the innovative roof offer passengers a new, relaxing experience, it also creates the environment for the world's first, in-airport Butterfly Garden. The Terminal is now home to more than 1,000 free-roaming butterflies and is a tropical nature retreat. In May 2008, extensive refurbishments to Terminal 1 are completed at a cost of S$500 million. Finally, with the Singapore-Kuala Lumpur route fully liberalised, Singaporean and Malaysian carriers are allowed to operate unlimited flights between the two capitals. In 2010, Changi Airport surpasses the 40 million passenger mark. Intra-regional connectivity in ASEAN is fully established with the commencement of thrice-weekly services between Singapore and Vientiane. Singapore is now connected via direct flights to all nine other ASEAN countries. The retail promotion, 'Be A Changi Millionaire', was launched. This promotion offered the largest cash prize in Singapore. In May 2010, Singapore's tallest slide at 10 metres, Slide@T3 opens. In 2011, the Changi Rewards card programme is introduced to encourage retail and dining spend at the airport. Changi Airport introduces Changi Experience Ambassadors (CEAs), deploying roving customer service officers across the airport to help visitors and passengers. In March that year, with the launch of SIA flights to Sao Paolo, Changi Airport is now directly connected to Brazil. By June 2012, Terminal 1's upgrade works are complete.Kinetic Rain, the world's largest moving sculpture, is unveiled in the Departure Hall. Made up of 1,216 bronze droplets, and measuring 9.8m by 4m, the sculpture can form 16 different abstract forms and recognisable shapes. In the same year, Budget Terminal is closed to make way for Terminal 4. The iChangi HD app is launched to provide passengers with real-time access to flight details, terminal maps, and information about airport offerings. Changi Airport receives its 25th consecutive 'Best Airport' award, from Business Traveller UK. In 2013, plans for the development of Jewel Changi Airport, Changi East, the three-runway system, and Terminal 5 are announced. A new online shopping portal, iShopChangi, is introduced to offer passengers greater convenience, comfort and value. In November that year, construction of Terminal 4 begins. In December 2014,construction of Jewel Changi Airport begins. At the same time, the Fast and Seamless Travel (FAST) programme is launched to promote and introduce seamless connectivity for travellers. It will be implemented in phases across the airport, including the new Terminal 4. In March 2015, Changi Airport once again receives Skytrax's 'World's Best Airport' award. Its the 3rd consecutive year the airport has won this outstanding award and the 6th time overall. In June that year, Changi Airport becomes the world's most awarded airport ever, with its 500th Best Airport award since its opening in 1981. Terminal 4 begins operations with nine foundation airlinesAirAsia Group (of four airlines), Cathay Pacific, Cebu Pacific, Korean Air, Spring Airlines and Vietnam Airlines. It has the capacity to handle 16 million passengers per annum (mppa), bringing Changis total capacity to 82 mppa. Amid the Covid-19 pandemic,contactless and cleaning innovations for a safer passenger journeyrolls out airport-wide. The innovations include touch-free automated kiosks for check-in and bag drop-offs, as well as biometric face and iris recognition systems at immigration. Autonomous cleaning robots are also deployed at the terminals. In August, Changi Airport launches food delivery service, Changi Eats. The service allows local diners to enjoy Changis extensive food offerings delivered right to their doorsteps with the innovative option of mixing and matching orders from up to five different outlets at Changi Airport and Jewel, and at zero service fees. The Changi Airport Connector (CAC), a 3.5-kilometre cycling and jogging path that links Changi Airport to East Coast Park and the Park Connector Network (PCN),officially opens on 11 October. The CAC is home to the Changi Jurassic Mile an outdoor display of more than 30 life-sized dinosaur exhibits. The HUB & SPOKE pit stop facility at Terminal 2, where visitors can rent bicycles, shower, or have a meal, officially opens as well. In October, Changi Airport launches its first digital wallet, Changi Pay. Using Changi Pay, shoppers and diners can make contactless QR payments at Changi Airport and Jewel Changi Airport stores, redeem discount vouchers upon check-out, and seamlessly earn Changi Rewards and CapitaStar points (for Jewel stores) with just one scan. Changi Pay can also be used while shopping on iShopChangi, Changis online duty-free retail platform. Passenger traffic at Changi Airport is expected to grow by 34% every year for the next 20 years. At this rate, current airport capacity will be reached by the late 2020s.The Changi East development is a response to this expected growth. Its a bold strategy to maintain Changi Airports and Singapores competitive edge for the long term. With a new, third runway, one of the world's largest mega terminals and a range of new exciting facilities, Changi East will ensure Changi Airport is equipped to accommodate and delight ever more passengers and their ever-increasing demands. With a new, third runway, one of the world's largest mega terminals and a range of new exciting facilities, Changi East will ensure Changi Airport is equipped to accommodate and delight ever more passengers and their ever-increasing demands. Explore other relevant links to help you get started and learn more about our airport community. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
A passion for quality service is at the heart of all that we do. A passion for quality service is at the heart of all that we do. To be a first-in-class, leading global aviation hub run by exceptional people, connecting lives and businesses, contributing to the economic growth of Singapore. To be a first-in-class, leading global aviation hub run by exceptional people, connecting lives and businesses, contributing to the economic growth of Singapore. To be a global leading airport company, anchored in the heart of Asia, pioneering safe, secure, sustainable and vibrant air hubs, ready for our future. To be a global leading airport company, anchored in the heart of Asia, pioneering safe, secure, sustainable and vibrant air hubs, ready for our future. Our values and culture guide us in everything we do. They are the foundation for our decisions and the heart of our organisation. Changi Airport Group is about world-class service, delivered through our passion and culture of excellence. Our brand story, Exceptional People, Connecting Lives, is visually expressed through our logo. The lines that converge on the Changi I symbolise how we unite to serve each customer, caring for them at every stage of their journey.The vibrant lines encircling the globe illustrate how we bring colour and energy to the world by enabling journeys and connecting lives across continents and cultures. These lines also form an S, reflecting our commitment to growing a dynamic air hub in Singapore and fostering global connections. Our brand story, Exceptional People, Connecting Lives, is visually expressed through our logo. The lines that converge on the Changi I symbolise how we unite to serve each customer, caring for them at every stage of their journey. The vibrant lines encircling the globe illustrate how we bring colour and energy to the world by enabling journeys and connecting lives across continents and cultures. These lines also form an S, reflecting our commitment to growing a dynamic air hub in Singapore and fostering global connections. We believe all partners in our airport community must understand the elements that make up the Changi Service DNA and align themselves with the goal of providing quality service. The elements expressed in the Changi Service DNA will foster a stronger service culture and guide the service team in their interactions with our customers at all touchpoints. TO SERVE VS TO ENGAGEEvery customer is  TO SERVE VS TO ENGAGE Every customer is unique TO DELIVER VS TO ANTICIPATETo provide customers with peace of  TO DELIVER VS TO ANTICIPATE To provide customers with peace of mind TO SATIFYTo create good memories in every  TO SATIFY To create good memories in every customer We believe that everyone in the Changi family has the ability to deliver exceptional service. Our Quality Service Management team collaborates intimately with all our airport partners to deliver exceptional service. Our Changi Service DNA: Personalised, Stress-Free and Positively Surprising make the 3 key thrusts that ensure customer centricity in all our activities. The Changi Experience is created by design and not by chance. It involves rethinking, redesigning and realigning airport processes to meet the growing expectations of customers. We are steadfast in creating a Changi Experience that brings delight to the customers we interact with, and to achieve a consistent level of service in our daily operations. The Changi Experience is created by design and not by chance. It involves rethinking, redesigning and realigning airport processes to meet the growing expectations of customers. We are steadfast in creating a Changi Experience that brings delight to the customers we interact with, and to achieve a consistent level of service in our daily operations. People competencies are essential in the development of a successful service organisation. We are determined to train and equip our workforce to deliver excellent service to each and every customer.Emphasis is placed on inculcating new staff with the Changi Service DNA. Our core service skills training programme is designed to equip every individual with the skill sets to deliver the Changi way of service. Continuous learning efforts are an integral part of the learning and development roadmap for all airport staff. People competencies are essential in the development of a successful service organisation. We are determined to train and equip our workforce to deliver excellent service to each and every customer. Emphasis is placed on inculcating new staff with the Changi Service DNA. Our core service skills training programme is designed to equip every individual with the skill sets to deliver the Changi way of service. Continuous learning efforts are an integral part of the learning and development roadmap for all airport staff. Feedback from our customers sets the foundation for our work, and help us continuously improve our service standards. We seek to connect, communicate, commend, and collaborate with our airport community to drive service excellence through these through service-driven initiatives:a) Creating a high level of Service Awarenessb) Promoting contribution with Awards and Recognitionc) Seeking out collaborative opportunities through Agency EngagementWe reward our service workforce for their good service, exemplify their excellent service acts, and encourage a sense of team responsibility. We also work with our airport partners to ensure all our customers enjoy a delightful and unforgettable Changi Experience. Feedback from our customers sets the foundation for our work, and help us continuously improve our service standards. We seek to connect, communicate, commend, and collaborate with our airport community to drive service excellence through these through service-driven initiatives:a) Creating a high level of Service Awarenessb) Promoting contribution with Awards and Recognitionc) Seeking out collaborative opportunities through Agency EngagementWe reward our service workforce for their good service, exemplify their excellent service acts, and encourage a sense of team responsibility. We also work with our airport partners to ensure all our customers enjoy a delightful and unforgettable Changi Experience. Explore other relevant links to help you get started and learn more about our airport community. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Building for the future to secure Changi Airports position as a leading air hub Building for the future to secure Changi Airports position as a leading air hub Spanning a massive 1,080 hectares, the Changi East development will provide future capacity for Changi Airport. The development will serve to secure Singapores air hub status and ensure its continued competitiveness and relevance. As Changi Airports largest expansion project to date, the development includes: Terminal 5 is a project undertaken by Changi Airport Group, the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore, and the Ministry of Transport. T5 will be linked to the other terminals at Changi Airport, allowing the expanded Changi Airport to be operated as a single, integrated airport for ease of transfer between different terminals with airfield operational efficiency. New facilities, such as navigation aids, airfield lighting systems and a fire station will also be constructed. The existing third runway, previously used only by the military, has been extended from 2.75km to 4km to handle larger passenger aircraft, and converted for joint military-civilian use.Under the three-runway programme, almost 40km of new taxiways will also be built to connect the runway with the rest of Changi Airport. This three-runway system is scheduled for operationalisation by the mid-2020s. Changi Airports cargo facilities, currently located at the Changi Airfreight Centre, will be expanded to the Changi East Industrial Zone (CEIZ) as part of the Changi East Development.The zone will be developed for airfreight, air express and Maintenance, Repair and Operations (MRO) activities. Together with the remodelled Changi Airfreight Centre, Changis handling capabilities will increase from 3 million tonnes per annum today, to 5.4 million tonnes per annum in its end-state, when the project is completed. The future expanded air cargo hub will be smarter, more connected and more efficient. The use of data and technology with a focus on automation will reduce processing time, and improve productivity and cargo visibility.Strategic infrastructure planning will ensure greater operational efficiency, with dedicated lanes for autonomous guided vehicles. Direct access to freighter aircraft from cargo and express terminals will also speed up cargo flows.With environmental and workplace sustainability in mind, the new air cargo hub will feature eco-friendly handling equipment, convenient amenities and a land transport network for staff. Terminal 5 (T5) will be located within the 1,080-hectare Changi East development, and will be able to handle about 50 million passenger movements per year. T5 will be designed with the flexibility to be built in two phases, in line with traffic growth, and is expected to be operational around the mid-2030s. It will secure Singapores capacity to ride on the long-term growth of aviation, strengthening Changi Airports position as a premier air hub for the region and beyond, and ensuring that future generations of Singaporeans can continue to benefit from Changis global connectivity. T5 will reinforce Changi Airports status as a national icon and ensure that the airport will continue to be a place of shared experiences across generations of Singaporeans, where precious memories are forged with friends and family. Drawing on lessons learnt from the Covid-19 pandemic, T5 has been designed with the flexibility to operate as smaller sub-terminals when needed. Specialised provisions to reduce the transmission of diseases will also be deployed in T5, including contactless systems at passenger touchpoints and enhanced ventilation systems. T5 will be a Green Mark Platinum Super Low Energy Building, as certified by the Building and Construction Authority. To reduce its carbon footprint, solar panels; smart building management systems; and district cooling combined with thermal energy storage will be deployed. T5 will also be ready for environmentally friendly solutions such as providing fixed ground power and cooling, as well as viable alternative fuels including the use of Sustainable Aviation Fuel for aircraft. T5 will be designed to accommodate and facilitate the deployment of technology, such as autonomous vehicles and baggage handling robots, to automate and digitalise airport operations, to enhance the passenger experience and increase manpower productivity. This will provide local enterprises with an opportunity to build capabilities in new, emerging areas such as robotics and artificial intelligence, and ultimately create quality jobs for Singaporeans within the airport ecosystem. For more information about T5, please refer to CAGs factsheet. Watch Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong share about T5 in his 2022 National Day Rally. The Changi 2036 Steering Committee, which was established to develop a holistic long-term plan for the expansion of Changi Airport, announces its recommendations to construct Terminal 5 (T5) and implement a three-runway system at Changi. Land preparation works for Changi East and planning for T5 begin, including functional design studies and concept development for the terminal. CAG launches the first of several packages of works to put in place the three-runway system. The works include pavement works, drainage works, security fencing and perimeter roads, mechanical and electrical works, as well as supporting works, such as major services and road diversions. CAG announces the appointment of the Master Building Consultants (MBC), to provide architectural design and engineering consultancy services for the development of T5. The Master Civil Consultants (MCC) are also appointed, to provide consultancy services for the design of infrastructure at the landside and airside areas outside of the T5 buildings. A two-year pause of the T5 project is announced, due to the Covid-19 pandemic. The aim is to assess the impact of Covid-19 on aviation growth, learn from the pandemic experience, and review T5s design to meet the needs of post-pandemic travel. The resumption of work on the T5 project is announced. MOT, CAAS and CAG have taken the opportunity of the two-year pause to comprehensively review the T5 design to make it more modular, resilient and sustainable. Construction of T5 will commence in about two years for T5 to meet the anticipated demand for air travel around the mid-2030s. Frequently asked Questions The Changi East development is Changi Airports largest development to date, and consists of various programmes. This includes Changi Airports Terminal 5, a three-runway system, the construction of tunnels and other underground systems, landside and aviation support, as well as the Changi East Industrial Zone. The Changi East development will ensure that Changi Airport is ready to handle future growth in air travel and the Singapore air hub can continue to contribute to the countrys long-term economic development. Changi Airport's T5 is one of the key programmes under the Changi East development. The terminal will enable Changi Airport to safely and effectively handle the projected large volumes of air traffic in the medium-to long-term and will be ready to meet the anticipated demand around the mid-2030s. The new facilities will enable Changi Airport to be operated as a single, integrated airport across terminals, and offer a more seamless travel experience. Works at Changi East are progressively taking place, with different completion dates for its various programmes. The three-runway system will be among the first of the Changi East development works to be completed and it is expected to be operationalised in the mid-2020s. The three-runway system will reduce congestion in the airside, allowing for more flight movements in a safe and efficient manner. Funding for Changi East will come from three partiesthe Singapore Government, Changi Airport Group (CAG) and airport users (including airlines and passengers). Individuals who are interested in joining the Changi East team can visit the Changi Eastcareer page.Procurement opportunities are also listed on Changi Airportsprocurement site. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Thanks to you, we've risen to become one of the world's most awarded airports. Changi Airport has been recognised with 674 awards to date. S/N DETAILS NO. OF TIMES WON YEARS 1 International Federation of Air Line Pilots' Associations (IFALPA)Deficiency - Free 202378th IFALPA Regional Conference 43 1981 - 2023 2 Airports Council InternationalBest Airport by Size (over 40mil) and Region (Asia-Pacific)Award Service Quality 6 2018 - 2023 3 DestinAsianBest AirportReaders' Choice Awards 18 2006 - 2020, 2022 - 2024 4 SkytraxBest Airport in AsiaWorld Airport Awards 13 2000, 2006, 2010,2013 - 2020, 2023 - 2024 5 Business Traveller Middle EastBest Airport in the WorldBusiness Traveller Middle East Awards 2024 18 2004 - 2020, 2024 Accolades received by Changi Airport Group (2024) S/N DETAILS NO. OF TIMES WON YEARS 1 International Federation of Air Line Pilots' Associations (IFALPA)Deficiency - Free 202277th IFALPA Regional Conference 42 1981 - 2022 2 Airports Council InternationalBest Airport by Size (over 40mil) and Region (Asia-Pacific)Award Service Quality 5 2018 - 2022 3 DestinAsianBest AirportReaders' Choice Awards 17 2006 - 2020, 2022 - 2023 4 SkytraxWorld Best Airport2023 World Airport Awards 12 2000, 2006, 2010,2013 - 2020,2023 5 Travel + Leisure Asia PacificBest Airport2023 Travel + Leisure Luxury Awards 1 2023 6 Travel + Leisure USBest International Airport in the World2023 Travel + Leisure World's Best Awards 11 2013 - 2023 7 The TrazeesFavourite Airport in AsiaThe Trazees 2023 2 2019, 2023 8 Business Traveller UKBest Airport in the WorldBusiness Traveller UK Awards 36 1988 - 2023 9 Business Traveller UKBest Airport in Asia PacificBusiness Traveller UK Awards 2 2022 - 2023 10 TTG Travel AwardsBest Airport of the WorldTravel Hall of Fame 18 2002, 2004-2019, 2023 11 Conde Nast Traveler UK, USTop Airport of the WorldReaders' Choice Awards 4 2019- 2021, 2023 12 Travel Weekly AsiaBest Airport in Asia PacificReaders' Choice Awards 5 2015, 2018-2019, 2022-2023 13 Business Traveller Asia PacificBest Airport in the WorldBusiness TravellerAsia-Pacific Awards 32 1992 - 2023 14 Business Traveller Asia PacificBest Airport in Asia PacificBusiness Traveller Asia-Pacific Awards 14 2010 - 2023 15 Business Traveller USBest Airport in the WorldBusiness Traveller US Awards 29 (1991-1999, 2001-2008, 2010-2015, 2017- 2020,2022-2023) 16 Conde Nast Traveller IndiaFavourite International AirportReaders' Travel Awards 13 2011- 2023 17 Travel + Leisure IndiaBest International AirportTravel + Leisure India Best Awards 12 2012-2023 18 Best Airport WorldwideBest in Travel Poll 2023Smart Travel Asia 2 2020, 2023 Accolades received by Changi Airport Group (2023) S/N DETAILS NO. OF TIMES WON YEARS 1 International Federation of Air Line Pilots' Associations (IFALPA)Deficiency - Free 202075th IFALPA Regional Conference 40 1981 - 2020 2 Airports Council InternationalBest Airport by Size (over 40mil) and Region (Asia-Pacific)Award Service Quality 3 2018 - 2020 3 Club MedBest Airport LayoverClub Med 1 2021 4 Travel + Leisure USBest International Airport in the WorldTravel + Leisure Worlds Best Awards Survey 1 2013 - 2021 5  AirportNewsweek Future of Travel Award 1 2021 6 Cond Nast TravelerTop Airport in the WorldCond Nast Traveler Readers' Choice Award 3 2019 - 2021 7 Business Traveller Asia PacificBest Airport in the World2021 Business Traveller Asia-Pacific Awards 30 1992 - 2021 8 Business Traveller Asia PacificBest Airport in Asia-Pacific2021 Business Traveller Asia-Pacific Awards 12 2010 - 2021 9 Business Traveller UKBest Airport in the WorldBusiness Traveller UK Awards 34 1988 - 2021 10 Conde Nast Traveller Middle EastFavourite International AirportReaders Choice Awards 2020 2 2020 - 2021 11 Cond Nast Traveler, IndiaFavourite International AirportConde Nast Traveller India Readers' Travel Awards 11 2011 - 2021 12 Global TravelerBest Overall Airport in the WorldGT Tested Awards 7 2006, 2016 - 2021 13 Travel + Leisure IndiaBest International AirportTravel + Leisure Indias Best Awards 2021 10 2012 - 2021 Accolades received by Changi Airport Group (2021) S/N DETAILS NO. OF TIMES WON YEARS 1 International Federation of Air Line Pilots' Associations (IFALPA)Deficiency - Free 202075th IFALPA Regional Conference 40 1981 - 2020 2 Airports Council InternationalBest Airport by Size (over 40mil) and Region (Asia-Pacific)Award Service Quality 3 2018 - 2020 3 Club MedBest Airport LayoverClub Med 1 2021 4 Travel + Leisure USBest International Airport in the WorldTravel + Leisure Worlds Best Awards Survey 1 2013 - 2021 5  AirportNewsweek Future of Travel Award 1 2021 6 Cond Nast TravelerTop Airport in the WorldCond Nast Traveler Readers' Choice Award 3 2019 - 2021 7 Business Traveller Asia PacificBest Airport in the World2021 Business Traveller Asia-Pacific Awards 30 1992 - 2021 8 Business Traveller Asia PacificBest Airport in Asia-Pacific2021 Business Traveller Asia-Pacific Awards 12 2010 - 2021 9 Business Traveller UKBest Airport in the WorldBusiness Traveller UK Awards 34 1988 - 2021 10 Conde Nast Traveller Middle EastFavourite International AirportReaders Choice Awards 2020 2 2020 - 2021 11 Cond Nast Traveler, IndiaFavourite International AirportConde Nast Traveller India Readers' Travel Awards 11 2011 - 2021 12 Global TravelerBest Overall Airport in the WorldGT Tested Awards 7 2006, 2016 - 2021 13 Travel + Leisure IndiaBest International AirportTravel + Leisure Indias Best Awards 2021 10 2012 - 2021 Accolades received by Changi Airport Group (2021) S/N DETAILS NO. OF TIMES WON YEARS 1 WanderlustTop Worldwide AirportWanderlust Reader Travel Awards 2020 18 1999, 2001, 2003,2005, 2007 - 2020 2 DestinasianBest AirportReaders' Choice Awards 15 2006 - 2020 3 International Federation of Air Line Pilots' Associations (IFALPA)Deficiency - Free 201974th IFALPA Regional Conference 39 1982 - 2019 4 Airports Council InternationalBest Airport by Size (over 40mil) and Region for 2019Airport Service Quality Awards 2 2018 - 2019 5 SkytraxWorld's Best Airport2020 World Airport Awards 11 2000, 2006, 2010,2013 - 2020 6 Conde Nast Traveller, Middle EastFavourite International AirportReaders Choice Awards 2020 1 2020 7 Travel + Leisure USBest International Airport in the WorldTravel + Leisure Worlds Best Awards Survey 8 2013 - 2020 8 Smart Travel AsiaBest Airport WorldwideBest of the Decade Award 2020 1 2020 9 Cond Nast TravelerTop Airport in the WorldCond Nast Traveler Readers' Choice Award 2 2019 - 2020 10 Business Traveller Asia PacificBest Airport in the World2020 Business Traveller Asia-Pacific Awards 29 1992 - 2020 11 Business Traveller Asia PacificBest Airport in Asia-Pacific2020 Business Traveller Asia-Pacific Awards 11 2010 - 2020 12 Business Traveller UKBest Airport in the WorldBusiness Traveller UK Awards 33 1988 - 2020 13 Business Traveller Middle EastBest Airport in the  Middle East Awards 2020 17 2004 - 2020 14 Travel + Leisure IndiaBest International AirportTravel + Leisure Indias Best Awards 2020 9 2012 - 2020 15 AFARBest International AirportAFAR Travelers' Award 1 2020 16 Cond Nast Traveler, IndiaFavourite International AirportConde Nast Traveller India Readers' Travel Awards 10 2011 - 2020 17 Global TravelerBest Overall Airport in the WorldGT Tested Awards 6 2006, 2016 - 2020 18 Business Traveller GermanyBest Airport WorldwideBusiness Traveller Germany Awards 2019 28 1993 - 2020 19 Business Traveler USBest Airport in the WorldBest in Business Travel Awards 27 1991 - 1999, 2001 - 2008,2010 - 2015, 2017 - 2020 Accolades received by Changi Airport Group (2020) S/N DETAILS NO. OF TIMES WON YEARS 1 WanderlustTop Worldwide AirportWanderlust Travel Awards 2019 17 1999, 2001, 2003,2005, 2007 - 2019 2 International Federation of Air Line Pilots' Associations (IFALPA)Deficiency - Free 201873rd IFALPA Regional Conference 38 1982 - 2018 3 DestinAsianBest Airport in the WorldReader's Choice Awards 14 2006 - 2019 4 Airports Council InternationalBest Airport by Size (over 40mil) 2018Airport Service Quality Awards 5 2012 - 2014,2016, 2018 5 Airports Council InternationalBest Airport by Region (Asia-Pacific) 2018Airport Service Quality Awards 3 2004, 2016, 2018 6 SkytraxWorld's Best Airport2019 World Airport Awards 10 2000, 2006, 2010,2013 - 2019 7 Business Traveller Middle EastBest Airport in the WorldBusiness Traveller Middle East Awards 2019 16 2004 - 2019 8 Fodor's TravelBest International AirportFodor's Travel Awards 2019 (Inagural) 1 2019 9 Smart Travel AsiaNo.1 Airport Worldwide2019 Best in Travel Poll 11 2008 - 2010,2012 - 2019 10 Business Traveller GermanyBest Airport WorldwideBusiness Traveller Germany Awards 2019 26 1993 - 2019 11 Travel + Leisure USBest International Airport in the WorldTravel + Leisure Worlds Best Awards Survey 7 2013 - 2019 12 trazeetravel.comFavorite Airport in AsiaThe Trazees 1 2019 13 Business Traveller Asia PacificBest Airport in the World2019 Business Traveller Asia-Pacific Awards 28 1992 - 2019 14 Business Traveller Asia PacificBest Airport in Asia-Pacific2019 Business Traveller Asia-Pacific Awards 10 2010 - 2019 15 Whereverfamily.comBest Family-Friendly International AirportWherever Awards 2019 2 2018 - 2019 16 TTG AsiaTravel Hall of Fame - Best Airport of The YearTTG Travel Awards 17 2002, 2004 - 2019 17 Cond Nast TravelerTop Airport in the WorldCond Nast Traveler Readers' Choice Award 1 2019 18 Business Traveller UKBest Airport in the WorldBusiness Traveller UK Awards 32 1988 - 2019 19 World Travel AwardsAsia's Leading AirportWorld Travel Awards Asia & Oceania Gala Ceremony 2019 16 2001 - 2002,2006 - 2019 20 Travel Weekly AsiaBest Airport - Asia PacificTravel Weekly Asia 2019 Readers Choice Awards 3 2015, 2018 - 2019 21 SurfaceSurface Travel Awards - Stations & Terminals2019 Surface Travel Awards 1 2019 22 Selling Travel (Formerly Selling Long Haul)Best Overseas AirportSelling Travel Awards 15 2000 - 2003, 2005,2009 - 2015, 2017 - 2019 23 Business Traveller ChinaBest Airport in the WorldBusiness Traveller China Awards 15 2005 - 2019 24 Travel + Leisure IndiaBest International  Indias Best Awards 2019 8 2012 - 2019 25 Conde Nast Traveller IndiaFavourite AirportConde Nast Traveller India Readers Travel Awards 9 2011 - 2019 26 World Travel AwardsWorld's Leading AirportWorld Travel Awards Grand Final Gala Ceremony 2019 14 1994, 2006 - 2008,2010 - 2019 25 Business Traveler USBest Airport in the WorldBest in Business Travel Awards 26 1991 - 1999, 2001 - 2008,2010 - 2015, 2017 - 2019 26 Global TravelerBest Overall Airport in the WorldGT Tested Awards 5 2006, 2016 - 2019 27 Ultra TravelBest Airport in The WorldUltimate Luxury Travel Related Awards (ULTRAs) 13 2007 - 2019 Accolades received by Changi Airport Group (2019) 2ndMost Attractive Employer (2021) 2ndMost Attractive Employer (2020) 2ndMost Attractive Employer (2019) 1stMost Attractive Employer (2018) 2ndMost Attractive Employer (2017) 1stMost Attractive Employer (2016) 2ndMost Attractive Employer (2015) 3rdMost Attractive Employer (2014) 5thMost Attractive Employer (2013) No. 1 Bonded Scholarship Provider for Top GCE A Level and IB Graduates (2018-2020) Best C-Suite Leader (2018) Best Workplace Culture & Engagement (2018) Best Employer Branding (2016) Best Recruitment Strategies (2016) Hays Award for Employer of Choice (2017) Excellence in Crisis Management and Recovery (Gold) (2021) Excellence in Workplace Wellbeing (Bronze) (2020) Excellence in CSR Strategy (Gold) (2019) Employer of the Year (Gold) (2018) Excellence in Workplace Culture (Gold) (2018) Excellence in Employer Branding (Silver) (2016) Corporate Achievement (2019) Corporate Excellence (2017) PR Awards 2018 MARKies Awards 2017 Singapore Hall of Fame 2017 The Travel Retail Awards The Travel Retail Awards The Travel Retail Awards The Travel Retail Awards DFNI Asia Awards for Travel-Retail Excellence 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
A highly experienced team steers the growth and development of the Group. BOARD OF DIRECTORS Chairman Chief Executive Officer EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT Chief Executive Officer Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President,Commercial Executive Vice President,Commercial Chief Financial OfficerExecutive Vice President,Enterprise Performance & Development Chief Financial OfficerExecutive Vice President,Enterprise Performance & Development Executive Vice President,Safety & Security Executive Vice President,Safety & Security Chief Executive Officer,Changi Airports International Chief Executive Officer,Changi Airports International Executive Vice President,Airport Management Executive Vice President,Airport Management Executive Vice President,Air Hub & Cargo Development Executive Vice President,Air Hub & Cargo Development Executive Vice President,Corporate, People & Culture Executive Vice President,Corporate, People & Culture Executive Vice President,Engineering & Development Executive Vice President,Engineering & Development 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Our full range of business functions to run the world's most awarded airport Our extensive global connections can help grow your airline and cargo businesses. Our extensive global connections can help grow your airline and cargo businesses. Efficient operations & airside management ensure we run like clockwork. Efficient operations & airside management ensure we run like clockwork. Building for the future to secure Changi Airports position as a leading air hub. Building for the future to secure Changi Airports position as a leading air hub. Maximising revenue streams by pioneering fresh retail experiences and supporting our partners. Maximising revenue streams by pioneering fresh retail experiences and supporting our partners. Building a dynamic infrastructure that offers room for future expansion. Building a dynamic infrastructure that offers room for future expansion. Enforcing the highest standards of safety and security to give you peace of mind. Enforcing the highest standards of safety and security to give you peace of mind. Monthly statistics on passenger, air freight and commercial aircraft movements. Monthly statistics on passenger, air freight and commercial aircraft movements. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
We're the region's best gateway to the Asia-Pacific region. With5 passenger terminals, 3 airfreight terminals and 3 runways ready around 2030, Changi Airport is future-proof for the next era of aviation. With5 passenger terminals, 3 airfreight terminals and 3 runways ready around 2030, Changi Airport is future-proof for the next era of aviation. Ranked the top 5 busiest airport in the world in 2023 by Airports Council International World, Changi Airport links Singapore to some 150 cities globally, with close to 100 airlines operating more than 6,900 flights weekly. Ranked the top 5 busiest airport in the world in 2023 by Airports Council International World, Changi Airport links Singapore to some 150 cities globally, with close to 100 airlines operating more than 6,900 flights weekly. Withclose to 100 airlines in our family and counting, Changi Airport is home to all alliances.oneworldSkyTeamStar Alliance Withclose to 100 airlines in our family and counting, Changi Airport is home to all alliances. Withexcellent operating indicators and a growing list of accolades, it is no wonder that Changi Airport is one of the largest airports in the world for international air cargo traffic. Withexcellent operating indicators and a growing list of accolades, it is no wonder that Changi Airport is one of the largest airports in the world for international air cargo traffic. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Efficient operations and management ensure our airport runs like clockwork. 24/7, 365 days a year, the airport never sleeps. Together with our airport partners, our operations team works relentlessly so that passengers travelling through Changi Airport always enjoy a stress-free experience. Creating amagicalexperience at Changi Airport is at the heart of everything we do. We offer a wide array of facilities, such as movie theatres, entertainment zones, snooze lounges and gardens. Like our clean and green city, our terminals are also filled with lush greenery.. Planning ahead gets us ready to tackle future challenges and demands. As such, we design new passenger terminals that can adapt to future changes, as well as enhance and transform the passenger experience. One of the bold and revolutionary ideas we implemented is Fast and Seamless Travel (FAST). Now in fulloperationat Changi Airport, the automated system allows passengers to print their boarding passes and bag tags, as well as check in their luggages themselves. Airside Management makes it safe for aircrafts to take off, land, and taxi at Changi and Seletar Airport.The airside operations team is responsible for many complex and vital tasks on the runways, taxiways, aprons, and beyond airport fences. These tasks include the allocation of aircraft stands and baggage claim belts, testing and issuance of airside driving and vehicular permits, safety inspections, responding to accidents and incidents, audits to mitigate unsafe work practices and wildlife hazard management. Airside Management makes it safe for aircrafts to take off, land, and taxi at Changi and Seletar Airport. The airside operations team is responsible for many complex and vital tasks on the runways, taxiways, aprons, and beyond airport fences. These tasks include the allocation of aircraft stands and baggage claim belts, testing and issuance of airside driving and vehicular permits, safety inspections, responding to accidents and incidents, audits to mitigate unsafe work practices and wildlife hazard management. To operate any vehicle within Changi Airport's airside, a driver must obtain an Airside Driving Permit. As part of CAGs ongoing efforts to enhance safety at Changi's Airside, we have introduced the Airside Safety Induction Briefing. Other Links 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
The innovative initiatives that differentiate us amongst the dynamic retail environment. The innovative initiatives that differentiate us amongst the dynamic retail environment. The dynamic travel industry is characterised by a fast-changing retail landscape reflective of constantly evolving consumer preferences. To strengthen our position as a competitive air hub, we innovate and create fresh concepts to inject vitality into our transit and public malls, delivering a revolutionary retail experience to the public, passengers and the airport community. We firmly believe in growing together with our concession partners through continuous innovation and effective collaboration. Through pioneering fresh retail experiences, we are able to offer a wealth of opportunities for retail brands to showcase themselves to the world, creating an ideal place for them to build and grow their businesses. Changi Pay is your go-to digital payment solution for effortless transactions at Changi Airport and beyond. Partnering with us unlocks exclusive benefits for your customers to enjoy instant savings, collect exclusive weekly offers and rewards while shopping and dining. Join us in enhancing the payment experience for your customers! Changi Pay is your go-to digital payment solution for effortless transactions at Changi Airport and beyond. Partnering with us unlocks exclusive benefits for your customers to enjoy instant savings, collect exclusive weekly offers and rewards while shopping and dining. Join us in enhancing the payment experience for your customers! In collaboration with our esteemed partners, we regularly curate exclusive product launches and events to delight travellers. By partnering with us, youll amplify your brand's pioneering spirit and secure a first-mover advantage, leaving a lasting impression on your target audience. In collaboration with our esteemed partners, we regularly curate exclusive product launches and events to delight travellers. By partnering with us, youll amplify your brand's pioneering spirit and secure a first-mover advantage, leaving a lasting impression on your target audience. Changi Airport offers an airport-wide 'Flying or Not, You Shop, We Absorb' programme, allowing retailers in the public areas to absorb 9% GST with the free Changi Rewards membership, and creating exceptional value for shoppers. Flying or not, shoppers can shop without tax on iShopChangi. As travellers, they can also enjoy the convenience of tax and duty-free purchases from the comfort of their homes or hotel rooms, eliminating the need to rush while in transit at Changi Airport. Flying or not, shoppers can shop without tax on iShopChangi. As travellers, they can also enjoy the convenience of tax and duty-free purchases from the comfort of their homes or hotel rooms, eliminating the need to rush while in transit at Changi Airport. Our rewards programme allows customers to earn points for every dollar spent. Accumulated points can be redeemed for exclusive savings, rewards or rebates. Membership is free. From luxury and beauty, to fashion and gifts, you can count on our team of expert personal shoppers to be the additional brand ambassadors for your brand.In partnership with you, we collaborate to elevate our passengers Changi Retail Experience and build awareness for the products and promotions you offer. From luxury and beauty, to fashion and gifts, you can count on our team of expert personal shoppers to be the additional brand ambassadors for your brand. In partnership with you, we collaborate to elevate our passengers Changi Retail Experience and build awareness for the products and promotions you offer. Your continued success is ours too. We work closely with you and your staff to deliver the exceptionalChangi Experience: Personalised, Stress-free and Positively Surprising. Your continued success is ours too. We work closely with you and your staff to deliver the exceptionalChangi Experience: Personalised, Stress-free and Positively Surprising. We leverage our experienced team of business analysts and comprehensive data sources to establish a holistic view of our customers, carry out market research, and formulate retail strategies to support your growth and development at Changi Airport. We are committed to supporting the growth of our airport stakeholders, through the lease of quality rentable premises and competitive aeronautical charges. It is the collaborative effort of all airport stakeholders that drive the efficient operations at Changi Airport. We lease quality rentable premises, such as offices, lounges and  including those within our Changi Airfreight Centre. It is the collaborative effort of all airport stakeholders that drive the efficient operations at Changi Airport. We lease quality rentable premises, such as offices, lounges and  including those within our Changi Airfreight Centre. Changi Airport is dependent on the successes of our airline partners and airport stakeholders. As such, we ensure our airport charges, including aircraft landing fees, parking. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Your safety is paramount here at Changi Airport. We provide a Category 10 level of fire protection, the highest possible fire protection coverage in accordance to ICAO standards. Highly trained and always ready, the Airport Emergency Service (AES) remains on guard 24/7.Their mission is to protect and save lives, minimise property damage, and facilitate the quick return of the Changi aerodrome to normal safety operations. Highly trained and always ready, the Airport Emergency Service (AES) remains on guard 24/7. Their mission is to protect and save lives, minimise property damage, and facilitate the quick return of the Changi aerodrome to normal safety operations. The Airport Emergency Plan at Changi coordinates the efforts of mutual aid agencies within the airport and its immediate vicinity. The AES team is responsible for managing the Airport Emergency Plan and takes charge of the rescue and fire-fighting and other crash site operations of this plan.This plan is tested annually in the form of full-scale aircraft crash exercises with good support from the mutual aid agencies. AES also responds to other emergency situations within the airport. This includes response to dangerous goods incidents or bomb warnings, as well as chemical or biological threats. The Airport Emergency Plan at Changi coordinates the efforts of mutual aid agencies within the airport and its immediate vicinity. The AES team is responsible for managing the Airport Emergency Plan and takes charge of the rescue and fire-fighting and other crash site operations of this plan. This plan is tested annually in the form of full-scale aircraft crash exercises with good support from the mutual aid agencies. AES also responds to other emergency situations within the airport. This includes response to dangerous goods incidents or bomb warnings, as well as chemical or biological threats. At all times, AES fire-fighting vehicles respond to the scene of an aircraft accident in 2 minutes, not exceeding 3 minutes and bring the fires under control within a minute upon arrival. This is swiftly followed by rescue and evacuation efforts to nearby medical facilities.In line with ICAO's recommendation to deal with aircraft crashes in the waters surrounding the airport, AES is equipped with sea rescue capabilities. It has a fleet of emergency resources based in a Sea Rescue Base off the waters of Changi Airport. Operating highly specialised emergency vessels and equipment in the event of aircraft incidents out at sea, the Sea Rescue Base is also the only hovercraft operator in Singapore. At all times, AES fire-fighting vehicles respond to the scene of an aircraft accident in 2 minutes, not exceeding 3 minutes and bring the fires under control within a minute upon arrival. This is swiftly followed by rescue and evacuation efforts to nearby medical facilities. In line with ICAO's recommendation to deal with aircraft crashes in the waters surrounding the airport, AES is equipped with sea rescue capabilities. It has a fleet of emergency resources based in a Sea Rescue Base off the waters of Changi Airport. Operating highly specialised emergency vessels and equipment in the event of aircraft incidents out at sea, the Sea Rescue Base is also the only hovercraft operator in Singapore. The Aerodrome Safety Unit is involved in implementing and maintaining an effective and robust safety management system as well as ensuring compliance with safety regulatory requirements. All levels of management and staff are committed to adopting leading practices in managing safety and risks, in line with international and national standards to achieve the highest level of safety performance.The Aerodrome Safety Unit (ASU) is involved in implementing and maintaining an effective and robust safety management system as well as ensuring compliance with safety regulatory requirements. The core functions of the ASU are to:Ensure that all safety processes within the organisation are alignedMonitor the safety performance of operational groupsManage the confidential hazard identification processProvide guidance and advice on safety management matters All levels of management and staff are committed to adopting leading practices in managing safety and risks, in line with international and national standards to achieve the highest level of safety performance. The Aerodrome Safety Unit (ASU) is involved in implementing and maintaining an effective and robust safety management system as well as ensuring compliance with safety regulatory requirements. The core functions of the ASU are to: Changi Airport Group is committed to the establishment of a process where hazards that are likely to jeopardise safety or weaken safety defences are proactively identified and managed. Theonline hazard reporting applicationis a voluntary and confidential reporting system that is managed by the ASU. It provides a channel for airport users to report hazards and offer suggestions to address the hazards. No action shall be taken against any personnel who reports a safety concern unless it is due to an illegal act, gross negligence, and/or deliberate or wilful disregard of regulations or procedures. Please clickhereto report a hazard.In addition to the online hazard reporting channel, airport users who wish to report hazards which require immediate attention may do so at the following 24/7 hotline numbers:+65 6541 2424 (Changi Airport)+65 6481 5077 (Seletar Airport) Theonline hazard reporting applicationis a voluntary and confidential reporting system that is managed by the ASU. It provides a channel for airport users to report hazards and offer suggestions to address the hazards. No action shall be taken against any personnel who reports a safety concern unless it is due to an illegal act, gross negligence, and/or deliberate or wilful disregard of regulations or procedures. Please clickhereto report a hazard.In addition to the online hazard reporting channel, airport users who wish to report hazards which require immediate attention may do so at the following 24/7 hotline numbers: Ensuring the safety and security of passengers is critical to all our airport operations. That is why, at Changi Airport, we implement the strictest security measures in line with ICAO recommendations. To better inform our staff and visitors on airport security in Changi, we have prepared airport security videos in various languages. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Discover the systems and technology that create a seamless passenger experience. Engineering and Development Loose objects on the runway can pose safety risks to airside operations. To keep our runways safe, CAG uses iFerret, an industry-leading FOD detection system with high definition electro-optical sensors and proprietary software. The system detect FODs in real time, in all-weather conditions, to facilitate their timely removal from the runway. Watch how iFerretworkshere.iFerret, owned by CAG, is in compliance with US FAA specifications.To find out more,download the interactive brochure on iFerrettoday. Loose objects on the runway can pose safety risks to airside operations. To keep our runways safe, CAG uses iFerret, an industry-leading FOD detection system with high definition electro-optical sensors and proprietary software. The system detect FODs in real time, in all-weather conditions, to facilitate their timely removal from the runway. Watch how iFerretworkshere.iFerret, owned by CAG, is in compliance with US FAA specifications.To find out more,download the interactive brochure on iFerrettoday. Maintaining a highly efficient airport is not easy. The baggage handling system that Changi Airport maintains is a highly complex one that is an adventure to tell on its own. A meticulous adherence to technicalities is something we treat seriously and take pride in. Connecting passengers across our terminals seamlessly is no easy feat. We constantly keep a close watch to ensure that our systems operate smoothly every minute of the day. One of the most crucial aspects of a flight landing is the visibility of the runway environment. Good visibility helps the pilot to align the aircraft with the runway upon arrival at a prescribed point on approach. We work with the best to employ the newest technologies and excellent hardware to ensure the safety of all passengers. Ever grateful for sheltered walkways? Passenger boarding bridges ensure that you have dry access to your flights in all weathers, and enhances operational safety.Here at Changi, we are one of the world's first to have double boarding bridges for larger aircrafts, allowing you to board faster and have more time to enjoy the airport facilities. Ever grateful for sheltered walkways? Passenger boarding bridges ensure that you have dry access to your flights in all weathers, and enhances operational safety. Here at Changi, we are one of the world's first to have double boarding bridges for larger aircrafts, allowing you to board faster and have more time to enjoy the airport facilities. To optimise Changi Airports long-term growth potential and meet the growing needs of airlines and passengers, visionary master planning is needed to ensure we provide more than adequate, high quality airport infrastructure for the sustained development of Changi as a world-class air hub and destination of choice. Here at Changi Airport, passenger terminal design, along with your enjoyable experience, comes at the top of our minds. Our terminals are designed to be adaptable and forward-looking.While we strive to create a vibrant and cosmopolitan air hub, Changi will still feel like home for passengers, locals and the airport community alike. Here at Changi Airport, passenger terminal design, along with your enjoyable experience, comes at the top of our minds. Our terminals are designed to be adaptable and forward-looking. While we strive to create a vibrant and cosmopolitan air hub, Changi will still feel like home for passengers, locals and the airport community alike. We believe in ensuring that the Changi Experience will always be enjoyable and Positively Surprising. This is why capacity planning is important to us, to ensure that we will always have adequate capacity to meet all future demands.We are in the process of constructing future terminals ahead of demand, with Terminal 5 underway and ready for completion in the 2030s. Our existing terminals are also constantly evaluated to ensure that there is sufficient space for growth. We believe in ensuring that the Changi Experience will always be enjoyable and Positively Surprising. This is why capacity planning is important to us, to ensure that we will always have adequate capacity to meet all future demands. We are in the process of constructing future terminals ahead of demand, with Terminal 5 underway and ready for completion in the 2030s. Our existing terminals are also constantly evaluated to ensure that there is sufficient space for growth. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
We redefine the air travel experience, in Singapore and abroad. Our subsidiaries actively pursue the delivery of a first-in-class travel experience for our customers and partner airports. Changi Airports International is wholly-owned by Changi Airport Group, the company managing Changi Airport consistently acknowledged as one of the best airports in the world. With years of airport management and development knowledge, we are proud to play a part in elevating standards of airports everywhere.Our broad range of business activities includes investment in foreign airports, provision of consultancy, and implementation of airport management services. Changi Airports International is wholly-owned by Changi Airport Group, the company managing Changi Airport consistently acknowledged as one of the best airports in the world. With years of airport management and development knowledge, we are proud to play a part in elevating standards of airports everywhere. Our broad range of business activities includes investment in foreign airports, provision of consultancy, and implementation of airport management services. Changi Travel Services operates Changi Recommends, a travel concierge providing an extensive range of leisure and business services such as ChangiWiFi, SIM cards, foreign exchange, corporate travel management and airline general sales. Jewel Changi Airport (Jewel) is a joint venture betweenChangi Airport Group (CAG) and CapitaLand Development (CLD), with CAG holding a 51% stake. With its unique combination of top-notch retail offerings, attractions and aviation facilities amid a garden setting, Jewels multi-faceted facility demonstrates the perfect combination of the strengths of CAG and CLD in their respective domains to enliven an airport development, with retail at its core. Jewel Changi Airport (Jewel) is a joint venture betweenChangi Airport Group (CAG) and CapitaLand Development (CLD), with CAG holding a 51% stake. With its unique combination of top-notch retail offerings, attractions and aviation facilities amid a garden setting, Jewels multi-faceted facility demonstrates the perfect combination of the strengths of CAG and CLD in their respective domains to enliven an airport development, with retail at its core. OTHER LINKS 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Building a shared future for generations to come. Doing our part for responsible and sustainable growth. Doing our part for responsible and sustainable growth. Connecting with youths today, empowering them for a better tomorrow. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
A Sustainable Changi - connecting and conserving our world. A Sustainable Changi - connecting and conserving our world. At Changi, we take a holistic view towards environmental sustainability, focusing on emissions, waste, water, climate resilience and beyond. We are committed to working with our partners to reduce emissions both in the air and on the ground. Together, we will transition to cleaner energy for our terminals,as well as vehicles and aircraft operating at Changi Airport. We are committed to working with our partners to reduce emissions both in the air and on the ground. Together, we will transition to cleaner energy for our terminals,as well as vehicles and aircraft operating at Changi Airport. We strive to reduce waste at source and promote circularity in our operations, such as through recycling concrete and composting horticultural waste. We adopt a water optimisation strategy to reduce water consumption and increase water efficiency. At Changi, NEWater a high-grade recycled water produced from treated used water forms the majority of our water consumption. We ensure that our critical infrastructure and operations remain resilient against climate change, with special focus on mitigating increasing rainfall intensity, rising sea levels, higher temperatures and increased lightning frequency. We ensure that our critical infrastructure and operations remain resilient against climate change, with special focus on mitigating increasing rainfall intensity, rising sea levels, higher temperatures and increased lightning frequency. We target a 20% reduction in our Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030 against a FY18/19 baseline, even as we continue to grow our business. We continue to maintain our Airport Carbon Accreditation (ACA) Level 3 certification as a commitment to pursuing sustainable growth. We continue to maintain our ISO 14001:2015 certification across energy and emissions, waste management and water management. OUR ENVIRONMENTAL STORIES As our top energy consuming equipment, we continuously aim to raise the building energy efficiency of our air-conditioning systems. Our first step towards enabling a fully electric fleet of baggage handling tractors at Changi Airport. An example of promoting circularity in our daily operations composting our horticultural waste for a second lease of life. Raising the efficiency of waste management through an improved waste compactor. Through an engineering collaboration with a local university, we reduced our consumption of raw materials by featuring recycled concrete in our aircraft parking bay rehabilitation projects. Through an engineering collaboration with a local university, we reduced our consumption of raw materials by featuring recycled concrete in our aircraft parking bay rehabilitation projects. Against the escalating impact of climate change, we are preparing our runways for more intense rainfalls and higher temperatures. Enabling sustainable consumption through our Green Procurement policy. From 2022/2023, our sustainability indicators have been incorporated within our Annual Reports. Please refer to our archives for past Sustainability Reports. We adhereto a set of environmental policies as part of our commitment to sustainability. We adhereto a set of environmental policies as part of our commitment to sustainability. Join us in our commitment to upkeeping a healthy planet for future generations of travellers to explore. Calculate and offset the carbon emissions from your flight today. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Discover how Changi Airport supports and gives back to the community. Discover how Changi Airport supports and gives back to the community. Connecting with youths today, Empowering them for a better tomorrow. Changi Foundation is the philanthropic arm of Changi Airport Group. We are passionate about supporting disadvantaged youths. Guided by the vision of "Connecting with youths today, Empowering them for a better tomorrow, Changi Foundation aims to provide disadvantaged youths with opportunities to level up and to lay the groundwork for future successes. Our logo epitomises the stage of metamorphosis from a cocoon to a beautiful butterfly in a myriad of colours. Similarly, Changi Foundation hopes to aid in the metamorphoses of the lives of youths by unlocking their potential and helping their dreams take flight. We aspire to uplift disadvantaged youths in becoming future ready, and for them to join us as part of the Changi community. Changi Foundation is registered as a charity under the Charities Act and a Grantmaking Philanthropic Organisation (Grantmaker) with the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore. Changi Foundation's commitment to youth potential is mirrored in Changi Airport Group's confidence of its employees. Our purpose,Exceptional People, Connecting Livesinspires us to build a company whereordinary people achieve extraordinary results, positively impacting the communities we serve.We do this through: Have benefited from Changi Foundations giving efforts since 2012. That we are working/have worked with as part of one Changi Community to give back. million That has been provided to character building, transition-to-work and scaffolding programmes since 2012. Contributed towards doing good in the community since 2012. We worked with Metta School to organise independent living programmes (e.g. travelling on public transport, seeing a doctor) for special needs students to build up their social competence skills. We collaborated with our airport and community partners to provide career opportunities for youths in the airport. The CAG-Howe Yoon Chong Book Prize alleviates the financial burdens of lower-income youths and motivates recipients to do better academically. The CAG-Howe Yoon Chong Book Prize alleviates the financial burdens of lower-income youths and motivates recipients to do better academically. 14 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024 2017, 2018, 2020, 2022, 2024 2019, 2024 Hear from them on what it means to go M.A.D! (Make A Difference) The experience to give back was powerful and impactful. I am grateful to be in a company where I was given the opportunity to think out of the box and supported in the journey to do good. I hope to show what persons with disabilities can achieve when given the opportunity to prove themselves too. The experience to give back was powerful and impactful. I am grateful to be in a company where I was given the opportunity to think out of the box and supported in the journey to do good. I hope to show what persons with disabilities can achieve when given the opportunity to prove themselves too. Giving without expectation is a wonderful gift to ourselves! Everybody is uniquely special in their own way. Giving without expectation is a wonderful gift to ourselves! Everybody is uniquely special in their own way. Being able to contribute back to the society is something that I have always wanted to do. Changi Foundation gave me that opportunity. Am always happy to see the wonderful smiles on all theyouths faces and that brings me joy. And through them, I have learnt to appreciate the simple things in life. Being able to contribute back to the society is something that I have always wanted to do. Changi Foundation gave me that opportunity. Am always happy to see the wonderful smiles on all theyouths faces and that brings me joy. And through them, I have learnt to appreciate the simple things in life. It has been an enlightening journey for me and my teammates on projects like bringing Metta on-board Sift & Pick and to bringstudents from Metta School for their Independent Travel Programme.As the saying goes, "Diversity and Inclusion are about giving value to every human being, no matter our differences." It has been an enlightening journey for me and my teammates on projects like bringing Metta on-board Sift & Pick and to bringstudents from Metta School for their Independent Travel Programme. As the saying goes, "Diversity and Inclusion are about giving value to every human being, no matter our differences." Features Collaborations bloom into record-breaking event for artists with special needs. Collaborations bloom into record-breaking event for artists with special needs. January 2024 January 2024 Growing a culture of volunteerism within Changi Airport Group through deep-dive partnerships. Growing a culture of volunteerism within Changi Airport Group through deep-dive partnerships. June 2024 June 2024 An artist with special needs gets a shot to living out her dream to be a retail assistant. March 2023 March 2023 Opening doors of opportunity and equipping young individuals with the skills and confidence they need to lead meaningful lives. Opening doors of opportunity and equipping young individuals with the skills and confidence they need to lead meaningful lives. September 2023 September 2023 Along with CAAS contribution, 900 kg was collected and passed on to MWA, who will direct resale proceeds to fund their Youth Employment programmes. February 2022 February 2022 Hatch graduate joins Changi Airport Groups UI/UX team. Hatch graduate joins Changi Airport Groups UI/UX team. July 2022 July 2022 Curating job trials with our airport partners for Metta School students. Curating job trials with our airport partners for Metta School students. September 2022 September 2022 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
At Changi Airport, every business is built on trust and relationships. Gain international exposure with our dynamic, high volume international audiences. Gain international exposure with our dynamic, high volume international audiences. Grow with Singapore's ideal geographical location and liberal aviation policies. Grow with Singapore's ideal geographical location and liberal aviation policies. Find out more about the opportunities and support provided to our business partners. Find out more about the opportunities and support provided to our business partners. We are one of the busiest airports for air cargo, hangling over 1.8 million tonnes annually. We are one of the busiest airports for air cargo, hangling over 1.8 million tonnes annually. Our Passenger Terminal Buildings and Airfreight Centre cater to all your business needs Our Passenger Terminal Buildings and Airfreight Centre cater to all your business needs We enable trade to grow your business We enable trade to grow your business Looking to supply goods or services? See all our available tenders and quotations. Looking to supply goods or services? See all our available tenders and quotations. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Reach out to international audiences on our prime platforms. Changi Airport is a unique and unrivalled platform on which advertisers can reach a premium international audience. We offer exciting advertising opportunities at prime locations across all terminals, including award-winning landmarks, digital networks, and dynamic static sites. Take advantage of this exceptional advertising environment to showcase your brand at the worlds most awarded airport. Featuring 100 screens across the airport, these 85-inch digital screens are enabled with dynamic content capabilities, and allow brands to reach out to travellers at multiple touch points near points of sale and airline VIP lounges. The latest iconic media site at Changi Airports T2 Departure Hall this pair of duo-facing, sleek Full HD LED displays will captivate and impress all check-in passengers at the terminal. Spanning over 10 metres in total length, these highly visible lightboxes command the attention of departing and arriving passengers at high dwell time areas near boarding gates. At a towering height of more than 5 metres in the heart of the duty-free area, these 3 gigantic eye-catching lightboxes are the perfect medium to capture the attention of passengers near to the point of sales. For more information on advertising at Changi Airport,please visit JCDecauxswebsite. Advertising Enquiries Email:sales@jcdecaux.com.sg Capture a dynamic audience of over 60 million passengers a year at Changi Airport with our extensive sponsorship opportunities. From sponsoring airport events and shopping promotions, to showcasing your esteemed products at our airport, you can ride on the rapid growth of travel retail in the region. Benefit from our premium business platforms to gain international exposure today. Capture a dynamic audience of over 60 million passengers a year at Changi Airport with our extensive sponsorship opportunities. From sponsoring airport events and shopping promotions, to showcasing your esteemed products at our airport, you can ride on the rapid growth of travel retail in the region. Benefit from our premium business platforms to gain international exposure today. Sponsorship EnquiriesMs Candice ChinEmail:enquiry@changiairport.com 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Grow with Singapores ideal geographical location and liberal aviation policies. Grow with Singapores ideal geographical location and liberal aviation policies. As Asia Pacific's leading air hub, serving a catchment population of 10 million within a 2-hour radius, we are well-positioned to help your airline capitalise on the region's growing demand for air travel.With nearly 100 partner airlines flying to some 150 cities in about 50 countries and territories worldwide, Singapore offers strong connectivity to the Southwest Pacific and Southeast Asia. As Asia Pacific's leading air hub, serving a catchment population of 10 million within a 2-hour radius, we are well-positioned to help your airline capitalise on the region's growing demand for air travel. With nearly 100 partner airlines flying to some 150 cities in about 50 countries and territories worldwide, Singapore offers strong connectivity to the Southwest Pacific and Southeast Asia. Changi has built an unrivalled world-class experience, bringing smiles to the millions of travellers who pass through our airport. Having won more than 600 prestigious awards and accolades for our achievements in customer satisfaction, cost efficiency and service level, your guests will be well taken care of.To grow alongside you, we are consistently enhancing our airport infrastructure and creating innovative services to deliver an exceptional experience for both our partners and travellers. Changi has built an unrivalled world-class experience, bringing smiles to the millions of travellers who pass through our airport. Having won more than 600 prestigious awards and accolades for our achievements in customer satisfaction, cost efficiency and service level, your guests will be well taken care of. To grow alongside you, we are consistently enhancing our airport infrastructure and creating innovative services to deliver an exceptional experience for both our partners and travellers. Singapore is one of Asia's most dynamic and cosmopolitan economies, built on a strong rule of law and financial infrastructure that attracts businesses globally.With its robust government policies, Singapore is one of the top three easiest places in the world to do business (Doing Business 2019 Report, World Bank).Additionally, Singapore is also consistently rank highly for investment potential, according to Business Environment Risk Intelligence, a US-based research institute. Singapore is one of Asia's most dynamic and cosmopolitan economies, built on a strong rule of law and financial infrastructure that attracts businesses globally. With its robust government policies, Singapore is one of the top three easiest places in the world to do business (Doing Business 2019 Report, World Bank).Additionally, Singapore is also consistently rank highly for investment potential, according to Business Environment Risk Intelligence, a US-based research institute. At Changi Airport Group, success begins with strong partnerships. With close to 100 airlines operating out of our airport, including those represented in major alliances such as oneworld, Star Alliance and SkyTeam, you will have many opportunities for collaboration with other airlines partners here at Changi.Changi Airport offers various incentive schemes to drive passenger traffic and support your airline's network and capacity. A dedicated team at Changi studies trends and aviation industry opportunities to identify growth and marketing opportunities for airline partners. At Changi Airport Group, success begins with strong partnerships. With close to 100 airlines operating out of our airport, including those represented in major alliances such as oneworld, Star Alliance and SkyTeam, you will have many opportunities for collaboration with other airlines partners here at Changi. Changi Airport offers various incentive schemes to drive passenger traffic and support your airline's network and capacity. A dedicated team at Changi studies trends and aviation industry opportunities to identify growth and marketing opportunities for airline partners. Hear what others say Our success in Singapore is deeply rooted in the amazing support from Changi Airport Group (CAG). Theyve turned challenges into triumphs for Ethiopian Airlines Singapore, and were beyond grateful. Together, were working to make Singapore a vibrant hub for Africans. As PM Lawrence Wong said, CAGs dream of an International Air Hub shines brighter with Ethiopian Airlines. Even amid inflation and fierce competition, we are excited and confident in our future togetherness, knowing this partnership is built on mutual dedication and trust. Our success in Singapore is deeply rooted in the amazing support from Changi Airport Group (CAG). Theyve turned challenges into triumphs for Ethiopian Airlines Singapore, and were beyond grateful. Together, were working to make Singapore a vibrant hub for Africans. As PM Lawrence Wong said, CAGs dream of an International Air Hub shines brighter with Ethiopian Airlines. Even amid inflation and fierce competition, we are excited and confident in our future togetherness, knowing this partnership is built on mutual dedication and trust. Since China Eastern Airlines established its branch in Singapore in 1994, our partnership with Changi Airport Group (CAG) has been a cornerstone of our success in the Singapore market for the last 30 years. With CAG's support and collaboration, we have significantly expanded our operations, becoming a key player in the China-Singapore civil aviation market. We are deeply grateful for the continued care and assistance provided by CAG over the years and are confident in the future of our cooperation. We look forward to further deepening our partnership, continuing to contribute to the economic, trade, and cultural exchanges between China and Singapore. Since China Eastern Airlines established its branch in Singapore in 1994, our partnership with Changi Airport Group (CAG) has been a cornerstone of our success in the Singapore market for the last 30 years. With CAG's support and collaboration, we have significantly expanded our operations, becoming a key player in the China-Singapore civil aviation market. We are deeply grateful for the continued care and assistance provided by CAG over the years and are confident in the future of our cooperation. We look forward to further deepening our partnership, continuing to contribute to the economic, trade, and cultural exchanges between China and Singapore. It is my pleasure to appreciate and thank Changi Airport Group (CAG) for their unstinted support to foster over 70 years of relationship with Air India. Our past collaboration with CAG on operational and marketing fronts leveraged on both parties strengths to elevate travel experiences of customers across the region. The proactive and supportive approach of the CAG towards airlines highlights how airports and airlines can work together to achieve a mutually enriching relationship, encouraging growth in air travel while ensuring high service standards. We look forward to an ever-lasting relationship between Air India and the CAG which grows from strength to strength and help aviation, in general, spread wings to soar high. It is my pleasure to appreciate and thank Changi Airport Group (CAG) for their unstinted support to foster over 70 years of relationship with Air India. Our past collaboration with CAG on operational and marketing fronts leveraged on both parties strengths to elevate travel experiences of customers across the region. The proactive and supportive approach of the CAG towards airlines highlights how airports and airlines can work together to achieve a mutually enriching relationship, encouraging growth in air travel while ensuring high service standards. We look forward to an ever-lasting relationship between Air India and the CAG which grows from strength to strength and help aviation, in general, spread wings to soar high. Partner Us At Changi Airport, we recognize the essential role your airline plays in enhancing our status as a premier air hub. We invite you to explore mutually beneficial partnerships with us, whether for passenger or cargo operations to and from Singapore.In a dynamic aviation landscape, we are dedicated to helping you capitalize on emerging opportunities and navigate challenges effectively. Partner with us and experience a supportive environment where youll always feel at home. At Changi Airport, we recognize the essential role your airline plays in enhancing our status as a premier air hub. We invite you to explore mutually beneficial partnerships with us, whether for passenger or cargo operations to and from Singapore. In a dynamic aviation landscape, we are dedicated to helping you capitalize on emerging opportunities and navigate challenges effectively. Partner with us and experience a supportive environment where youll always feel at home. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Our guaranteed support, international popularity and excellent infrastructure are just some reasons why your business will thrive at Changi. More than an Airport We ensure that we provide active support to tenants by through various strategic means. Creating a fresh retail experience for every traveller. Our programmes maximise the retail potential for your brand. E-commerce and loyalty programmes create exceptional value. Not just top of game, but top of mind for customers. The shopping and dining spaces at Singapore Changi Airport are divided into two main areas across all terminals- Airside and Landside. Airside refers to the area past immigration clearance and is accessible to all travellers and transit passengers. Landside, on the other hand, are areas before immigration clearance and are accessible to travellers, transit passengers with relevant visa requirements, and all members of the public. Terminal 1 Known fondly as the "Grande Dame" of Changi Airport, Terminal 1 was recently rejuvenated in 2012. About 22,000m2have been added to Terminal 1, bringing the total floor space to about 308,000m2. Spatial comfort, better passenger flows, and more facilities are brought about with the larger floor area. Once you step into the airport, art installations such as the Kinetic rain and the Lantern Feature wall depict the joy of travelling, and greatly adds to the mood and ambience. A wide thoroughfare in Terminal 1 provides greater visibility and awareness for shops, breathing new life into your retail space. With so many things to see, do and shop in the transit area, passengers will never feel bored at Changi Airport. With a consistently high footfall, providing a quality passenger experience synonymous to the Changi experience is paramount for your business. Developed along the theme of "Tropical City", the upgraded Terminal 1 also features higher ceilings, improved lighting and thoughtful landscaping. With an inviting atmosphere, travellers and locals looking to relax and dine in comfort by spending their time in the airport need to look no further. The Arrival Hall, and Level 3 above the Departure Hall in the public area features a wide array of Dine-in restaurants, cafes, and fast-food spaces. F&B businesses looking to gain international recognition by expanding your footprint into Changi Airport will find Terminal 1 the perfect fit. Terminal 2 Opened in 1991, Terminal 2 has a wealth of shopping outlets and dining options that appeals to a wide spectrum of visitors. Looking to tap into a diversified and cosmopolitan customer pool? As the busiest terminal in Changi Airport, Terminal 2 will be able to bring you to your target audience. With more than 70 retail outlets and more than 25 F&B outlets in the transit area, there is something for everyone. Shopping and dining areas are seamlessly integrated with the terminals lush greenery and relaxation areas. With a terraced multi-level ceiling that allows natural light to filter in, travellers bask in a cosy and tranquil ambience - allowing them to shop in comfort and style. A steady stream of footfall is guaranteed with fluid passenger movement throughout all thoroughfares. In the public areas, lighting panels above the check-in rows are designed in the shape of palm leaves, creating the feeling of tropical lushness and comfort. Boasting more than 20 retail, service and 20 F&B outlet spaces in the public area, brands and operators can look forward to targeting both travellers and locals alike. Terminal 2 remains as the top choice for businesses wanting to have a presence in Changi Airport. Terminal 3 Opened in 2008, Changi Airport's eco-friendly 'green terminal' lifts spirits with natural skylight and gardens featuring over 200 species of foliage and butterflies. Boasting a well thought-out avant-garde design, Terminal 3 is hailed as a mall within a terminal. Terminal 3 is truly a multi-dimensional shopping paradise with the largest number of retail, service and F&B spaces. In Terminal 3, Changi Airport introduced a first single-street transit retail concept. Set amongst lush green surroundings with an organic, wave layout of the retail outlets, it provides unobstructed views for maximum visibility and exposure for your brand. Terminal 3 is the only terminal with a dedicated shopping zone on basement 2. Found in the public area, it features over 50 retail, service and F&B outlets. A family-friendly destination, interactive children's facilities such as playgrounds and the slide@T3 - the worlds tallest slide in an airport, are music to children's ears. Established anchor tenants such as Kopitiam and Fairprice Finest are well-complemented with a wide variety of fashion outlets and kid-centric concessions, offering the family a fun day out at the airport. On the other levels, there exists a wide variety of F&B options. Two anchor tenants - The Planet Traveller and MindChamps PreSchool at Level 3 are perched on top of the transit mall, giving patrons a unique perspective of the airside transit area in Terminal 3. Linked to the viewing gallery, vsitors can enjoy a magnificient view of planes taking off whilst taking a breather from shopping, or after a delicious meal. Exciting event outposts are often held at the airport to spice up the shopping and dining experience at Changi Airport. Over the years, visitors have been delighted with showcases including the "F1 Rev Up Singapore!" Roadshow and the Chinese New Year Bazaar at Basement 2, a strategic location right across the bustling Kopitiam Food Court. Terminal 4 At the new Terminal 4, the modern traveller instantly feels at home. Marked by a distinct boutique presence, filled with natural light and armed with innovative details, the iconic T4 instinctively addresses the shifting preferences of the future traveler. Passengers enjoy 17,000m2 of shopping and dining options. Far from an ordinary port of call, every inch of T4 is crafted to surprise and delight, opening into a new era of modern travel. We invite you to be a part of it. Wide spaces filled with natural light, with trees lining the main shopping boulevard, Terminal 4 is designed for the modern traveller in mind. Passengers will have access to shops right until the moment that they board their flights. Shop spaces are designed with unique shop fronts, high ceilings and double-volume facades, giving tenants a canvas for visually impactful designs that can fully express each brand's unique qualities. Anywhere they choose, diners are immersed in the airports lively surroundings. From the foodcourt, they enjoy a view of the comings and goings on the airport runway. Restaurants on Level 2 Mezzanine offer a birds eye view of the Departure Check-In Hall. Along the Central Galleria, caf-hoppers can savour a relaxing cuppa amidst the hustle and bustle of the Departure Transit Lounge. The following are some examples of past events that have been held at Changi Airport. For more enquiries, please reach out to ushere. You can also sign up for our mailing list to be kept informed of any upcoming leasing opportunitieshere. This is a self-service guide with useful resources and links to aid you along your tenant onboarding journey onto Changi Airport's ecosystem. Submission of Work Permit, access to Renovation Guide, forms and templates. QSM training and communication platform for the Changi Airport Community. Management and booking of vehicle access to basement Loading/ Unloading Bay. Application of Airport Pass for access to restricted areas. Commercial QSM Incentive Programme staff declaration and viewing of feedback. Submission of POS installation and removal request and Monthly Sales Declaration. Submission of Changi Rewards eVouchers claims. Retrieval of invoices, credit notes and statement of accounts. Changi Airport Group's online portal for e-Sourcing and e-Invoicing transactions. Other Links 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
As one of the worlds busiest airports for international air cargo, the Singapore Changi Air Cargo Hub will take your business further. As one of the worlds busiest airports for international air cargo, the Singapore Changi Air Cargo Hub will take your business further. Learn about how Changi Airport meets the logistical demands of your business and how you can grow where there are no limits today. Learn about how Changi Airport meets the logistical demands of your business and how you can grow where there are no limits today. Learn about how Changi Airport has performed as one of the largest international air cargo hubs in the world. Learn about how Changi Airport has performed as one of the largest international air cargo hubs in the world. Learn about our initiatives to enhance our capabilities in pharmaceutical transportation. Learn about our initiatives to enhance our capabilities in pharmaceutical transportation. Learn more about the Singapore Changi Air Cargo Hub by downloading our marketing brochure today. Learn more about the Singapore Changi Air Cargo Hub by downloading our marketing brochure today. Singapore is ranked top globally for its logistics capability and cargo performance, elevating customers' trust through air cargo excellence. Based on the 2023 Logistics Performance Index (LPI), Singapore is ranked 1st, with an LPI score of 4.3. Based on the 2023 Logistics Performance Index (LPI), Singapore is ranked 1st, with an LPI score of 4.3. Singapore is one of the worlds most connected countries, topping DHLs Global Connectedness Index in 2024. Singapore is one of the worlds most connected countries, topping DHLs Global Connectedness Index in 2024. Singapore Changi has developed one of the widest networks in Asia and boasts an equally extensive network to other parts of the world, connecting customers to global markets with reliable speed. 120 airlines, 420 cities, 115 countries (including both physical and codeshare links)With more than 6,900 weekly scheduled flights, an aircraft takes off or lands at Changi roughly once every 90 secondsMore than 25 cargo airlines operating close to 500 weekly cargo flights to over 50 cargo city linksConnects key markets in Asia Pacific within 7-hour flight timeRegional airlines offering coverage and interline opportunities to emerging Southeast Asian and South Asian marketsData as of March 2024 Cargo Airlines Aerologic Cathay Pacific Airways K-Mile Air SF Airlines Air Hong Kong China Airlines Korean Air Shandong Airlines Air Incheon China Cargo Airlines My Indo Airlines Sichuan Airlines All Nippon Airways Emirates Nippon Cargo Airlines Silk Way West Airlines Asia Cargo Airlines EVA Airways Polar Air Cargo Singapore Airlines Asiana Airlines FedEx Express Qatar Airways Tasman Cargo Airlines Cargolux Airlines Hong Kong Air Cargo Raya Airways United Parcel Service Air. Sea. Road. Weve got you covered.Dense sea and road networks for multimodal  intermodal connectivity between one of the worlds busiest seaports and airportsA short drive from PSA terminalsthe worlds second largest container port and busiest transhipment hub with connectivity to over 600 portsRegional cross-border trucking networks9 berths operational at Tuas Mega Port as of August 2024 Designed to move cargo like clockwork, round the clock, all top 25 of the worlds largest airfreight forwarders have established major operations in Singapore. AWOT Global Logistics GroupCTS International LogisticsDimerco Express GroupKerry LogisticsKintetsu World ExpressNippon ExpressNNR Global  Logistics AWOT Global Logistics Group CTS International Logistics Dimerco Express Group Kerry Logistics Kintetsu World Express Nippon Express NNR Global Logistics Sinotrans Yusen Logistics Bollor Logisticscargo-partnerCEVA LogisticsDACHSERDB SchenkerDHL Global  Worldwide LogisticsKuehne + NagelMaersk Logistics Bollor Logistics cargo-partner CEVA Logistics DACHSER DB Schenker DHL Global Forwarding DSV GEODIS Hellmann Worldwide Logistics Kuehne + Nagel Maersk Logistics C.H. RobinsonCrane Worldwide  LogisticsUPS Supply Chain Solutions Source: 2023 Armstrong & Associates, Inc. From temperature-sensitive pharmaceuticals to time-sensitive e-commerce parcels, Changi can do it all. Within a 24/7 Free Trade Zone, Changi has dedicated bays to accommodate the largest freighter planes and state-of-the-art facilities to handle the most unique types of cargo. With over 70 hectares of contiguous Free Trade Zone and over 350,000 sqm of warehouse capacity, Changi Airfreight Centre and Airport Logistics Park of Singapore offer shippers and third-party logistics companies a unique opportunity to establish Regional Distribution Centers or Regional Fulfilment Centers, while reducing handling costs and cycle time. With airfreight operations consolidated here, a 24-hour Free Trade Zone allows transshipment cargo to be broken down and reconsolidated with minimal customs formalities. With airfreight operations consolidated here, a 24-hour Free Trade Zone allows transshipment cargo to be broken down and reconsolidated with minimal customs formalities. With over 26 hectares of total land space, global shipping and third-party logistics companies gain unique opportunities to establish Regional Distribution Centres within the airport Free Trade Zone. With over 26 hectares of total land space, global shipping and third-party logistics companies gain unique opportunities to establish Regional Distribution Centres within the airport Free Trade Zone. Your pharmaceutical shipments will be transported with the highest standards through Changi thanks to the trusted capabilities of the first and largest IATA Certificate of Excellence for Independent Validators in Pharmaceutical Logistics (CEIV Pharma) certified community in Asia Pacific. Together, Changi Airport offers: SATS Coolport is Asias first on-airport perishable handling facility dedicated to ensuring cold-chain integrity for a wide range of delicate cargo, including pharmaceuticals. With a well-trained team, quality management system and state of-the-art facility that adheres to Good Distribution Practice guidelines, SATS is proud to be certified by IATA as the worlds first CEIV in Pharmaceutical Handling in 2014. Includes on-tarmac cool dolly with the following key features: Internal temperature range of -20 to 20 Fast charging to -20 within 2 hours Able to last more than 10 hours of continuous operations on a full charge 15 temperature-controlled truck docks Able to handle pharmaceutical and biomedical products, fresh cut flowers, meats, food, and others Certifications include IATA CEIV Pharma certification, HSA Good Distribution Practice (GDP), TAPA, and others Built in 2013, dnata Coolchain is designed to handle high-value, high-yield perishable items and pharmaceuticals within a dedicated, state-of-the-art cargo handling facility. Encompassing the latest cold storage technologies and designs, it offers solutions and cold chain products for a wide range of temperature-sensitive cargo. dnata has been certified by IATA for CEIV in Pharmaceutical Handling at Singapore. Delivery within Changi Cargo Complex using cool dollies to support an unbroken cool chain for time and temperature-sensitive shipments Temperature controls in individual rooms ranging from freezing -25C or cold room conditions of 0C to 25C Web-based monitoring system to facilitate real-time management 14 modular cold storage areas for loose/pallet cargo, each with its dedicated climate control capability Individual room space ranging from 26 sqm to 42 sqm for customised temperature controlled storage 784 sqm of temperature-controlled break-and-build area 16 charging stations for Envirotainers and CSafe units and top-up service for dry ice 2 charging stations at truck docks for shipping containers, reefers Stuffing/unstuffing of shipping containers for air-sea shipments Direct from shipper services including conditioning of active containers, labelling, loading, sealing and recording of all shipment milestones In 2017, Changi established the Pharma@Changi Initiative, the first and largest community in Asia Pacific, among our CEIV Pharma certified community to pursue best practices in air pharma transportation and assessing emerging trends and technologies. We continue to grow and expand our community to enhance the hubs pharmaceutical handling capabilities. Changi Airport is part of Pharma.Aero, an international association consisting of Pharma shippers, CEIV certified cargo communities, airport operators and other air cargo industry stakeholders to achieve excellence in reliable end-to-end air transportation of pharmaceutical shipments. Its mission is to foster collaboration between CEIV certified airport communities dedicated in developing and leading when it comes to handling pharmaceuticals. Changi Airport is part of Pharma.Aero, an international association consisting of Pharma shippers, CEIV certified cargo communities, airport operators and other air cargo industry stakeholders to achieve excellence in reliable end-to-end air transportation of pharmaceutical shipments. Its mission is to foster collaboration between CEIV certified airport communities dedicated in developing and leading when it comes to handling pharmaceuticals. What is IATA CEIV Pharma? While Good Distribution Practice (GDP) helps raise standards, the IATA CEIV Pharma program is a GDP+ certification given it encompasses GDPs from around the world, international standards such. asWHO Annex 5 and IATA Chapter 17 and national or local regulations as applicable. This ensures excellence in the transportation and handling of pharmaceutical products while at the same time addressing specific air cargo needs. What is IATA CEIV Pharma? While Good Distribution Practice (GDP) helps raise standards, the IATA CEIV Pharma program is a GDP+ certification given it encompasses GDPs from around the world, international standards such. asWHO Annex 5 and IATA Chapter 17 and national or local regulations as applicable. This ensures excellence in the transportation and handling of pharmaceutical products while at the same time addressing specific air cargo needs. Southeast Asias e-commerce market has been forecasted to grow at a CAGR of over 20%, tripling its size today to US$230 billion in gross merchandise volume by 2026. Equipped with efficient, purpose-fit, and smart sorting and processing capabilities, Changi Airfreight Centre enables operators to connect international e-commerce cargo at speed for faster delivery and improved traceability. In April 2017, SATS unveiled a S$21 million eCommerce AirHub. The 6,000m2facility houses state-of-the-art innovations and technology aimed at improving productivity. A fully automated mail sorting system increases the mailbag process capacity of SATS to more than 1,800 an hour. A direct integration with SingPosts airmail consignment operations and the facilitys location within the Free Trade Zone on the airside reduces turnaround time by 50 percent from six to three hours. This enables international e-commerce mail to connect to earlier flights for faster delivery. In April 2017, SATS unveiled a S$21 million eCommerce AirHub. The 6,000m2facility houses state-of-the-art innovations and technology aimed at improving productivity. A fully automated mail sorting system increases the mailbag process capacity of SATS to more than 1,800 an hour. A direct integration with SingPosts airmail consignment operations and the facilitys location within the Free Trade Zone on the airside reduces turnaround time by 50 percent from six to three hours. This enables international e-commerce mail to connect to earlier flights for faster delivery. Singpost has established operations in the Airmail Transit Center (ATC) in Changi Airfreight Centre (CAC) where it houses security screenings of mail imports into Singapore and processing of Express Mail Service (EMS), air parcels and registered mails. The four-storey ATC building also contains the processing of open transit (mixed transhipment) and closed transit (intact mailbags), where SingPost would cut CN38 documents for the transhipped mail. Singpost has established operations in the Airmail Transit Center (ATC) in Changi Airfreight Centre (CAC) where it houses security screenings of mail imports into Singapore and processing of Express Mail Service (EMS), air parcels and registered mails. The four-storey ATC building also contains the processing of open transit (mixed transhipment) and closed transit (intact mailbags), where SingPost would cut CN38 documents for the transhipped mail. Changi Airport is home to major express playersDHL Express, FedEx Express, UPS, and SF Express. With all major players operating regional hubs in Singapore, businesses and consumers have abundant choices to transport their goods and documents quickly, reliably, and predictably to and from destinations across Asia Pacific and the world. By opting for time-definite services, shipments can reach major cities in Asia Pacific, Europe, and the Americas by the morning of the next working day. S$140 million facility in Changi Airfreight CentreOperational since 2016Floor area of over 23,500 sqm1 of 4 strategic hubs in Asia Pacific region, serving mainly the Southeast Asia and Australasia sub-regionsUpgraded automated express parcel sorting and processing system in June 2024, increasing handling capacity by 35% to over 14,000 shipments per hour and over 630 tonnes of cargo per dayOver 120 weekly flights in and out of Singapore on JV partners and commercial airline partnersPartnership with Singapore Airlines since March 2022 to strengthen US-Asia trade through 5x B777 freighters, which bring 1,224 tonnes of weekly transpacific capacity through Singapore Over 26,000 sqm integrated facility, operational since 2012S$97 million facility that houses air, ground, and clearance operations under one roofConsolidation point for transshipments into and out of Australia, New Zealand, and Southeast Asia2 adjacent freighter parking standsMore than 50 weekly FedEx flights in and out of SingaporeFully automated, high-speed sorting system that can sort up to 12,000 packages per hourAccommodates 280 delivery vehiclesSingapore is also home to FedEx Express Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africas regional headquarters since February 2024 Establishing operations in Singapore since 1988, UPS has chosen Singapore to be home to its Asia Pacific Regional HeadquartersOver 10 weekly UPS flights in and out of SingaporeExpanded its Hub and Gateway facility by 800 sqm in March 2023 to cater to growth in volumes with new sortation line, raising handling capacity by 40% to reach 55,000 tonnes per yearLocated in Airport Logistics Park of Singapore and standing at almost 400,000 sqft, UPS' Distribution and Logistics Hub is 1 of 6 UPS facilities in Singapore Established in March 2010, SF Express Singapore serves customers from its full-service Distribution Centre, Service Hubs, and Country OfficeOver 190 staff and over 190 vehicles6 self-operated service stations2 distribution hubs2 auto-sorting systems7 flights a week using B767 aircraft Changi East Industrial Zone (CEIZ) is a dedicated airport industry zone set aside within the Changi East airport development to provide infrastructure for the longer-term development of air cargo, maintenance, repair & overhaul activities (MRO), aviation support facilities, and fuel farm at Changi Airport. CEIZ is slated to be operation by mid 2030s. Together with the revamped Changi Airfreight Centre (CAC), both CAC and CEIZ would make up Changis future air cargo hub spanning over 150 hectares of land. The total annual handling capacity will also increase from the current 3 million tonnes per annum to 5.4 million tonnes per annum. Both sites will be under the same contiguous Free Trade Zone area, with airside access. Read about our events and  ushere Read about our events and activitieshere Contact ushere 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Our well-equipped facilities will serve all your business needs. Changi Airport houses over 700 office units across the Passenger Terminal Buildings. Whether you are seeking prime locations in passenger terminals or more secluded spots at the finger piers, we have offices that can meet your business needs. Ample space, excellent public transportation links, and amenities such as retail shops, F&B outlets, medical centres and ATMs across all terminals, keep things convenient for you and your employees. Changi Airport houses over 700 office units across the Passenger Terminal Buildings. Whether you are seeking prime locations in passenger terminals or more secluded spots at the finger piers, we have offices that can meet your business needs. Ample space, excellent public transportation links, and amenities such as retail shops, F&B outlets, medical centres and ATMs across all terminals, keep things convenient for you and your employees. Air freight operations at Changi Airport are located within the 47-hectare CAC, which operates around the clock. The four Cargo Agent Buildings (CAB) C, D, E, and Megaplex are located in the CAC, and house over 125,000sqm of office and warehouse space. With these facilities, operators can run cargo-related activities in close proximity to the airfreight terminals located within the CAC. Air freight operations at Changi Airport are located within the 47-hectare CAC, which operates around the clock. The four Cargo Agent Buildings (CAB) C, D, E, and Megaplex are located in the CAC, and house over 125,000sqm of office and warehouse space. With these facilities, operators can run cargo-related activities in close proximity to the airfreight terminals located within the CAC. Please contact Changi Airport Group directly to find out more about how our Passenger Terminal Buildings and Changi Airfreight Centre can cater to your evolving business needs. Explore our range of other partnership options, such as airport concessions, airport cargo, and more. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
We support travel trade partners in growing their businesses through Changi Airport by facilitating connections and fostering growth. Changi Airport B2B programme for the travel trade designed to connect travel trade partners worldwide with everything related to Changi Airport. Join us to spark new ideas, enhance your customers' experience as they travel to or through Changi, and foster business growth.Membership is free and exclusively for the travel trade. Join us to spark new ideas, enhance your customers' experience as they travel to or through Changi, and foster business growth. Membership is free and exclusively for the travel trade. Members Privileges Be one of the first to know of new experiences and deals at Changi and tailor them to suit your customers' needs. Be one of the first to know of new experiences and deals at Changi and tailor them to suit your customers' needs. Check out a myriad of useful toolkits, product brochures and visuals for your marketing needs. Check out a myriad of useful toolkits, product brochures and visuals for your marketing needs. Get connected with Singapore travel trade partners and identify new business opportunities. Get connected with Singapore travel trade partners and identify new business opportunities. Pre-book and guarantee a slot before your customers arrival. Pre-book and guarantee a slot before your customers arrival. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Explore opportunities to supply goods or services to Changi Airport. Explore opportunities to supply goods or services to Changi Airport. A supplier of goods or services? Explore business opportunities with Changi Airport through our online portal.All interested parties will need to be registered on our online portal. Should you require any clarification or assistance on Changi eProcure, please refer to thisSupplier User Guide. You may also emailcustomercare@sesami.comor call (+65) 6302 5317 for assistance. Quick Links 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Can't find what you're looking for? Don't hesitate to get in touch with us. The Changi Airport Group Corporate Reception is located at Changi Airport Terminal 2, Level 4.To reach our Corporate Reception, please take lift number 8 or 9 located in the CAG Corporate Entrance at Terminal 2, Departure Check-in Hall South, Level 2 (near Check-in Row 12).Office hours are as follows:Monday to Thursday: 8:30am to 1:00pm; 2:00pm to 6:00pmFriday: 8:30am to 1:00pm; 2:00pm to 5:30pm Want to speak with someone from our Customer Contact Centre? Do reach out to us if you have enquiries pertaining to flights, airlines, lost & found and other customer enquiries. Want to speak with someone from Changi Airports International (CAI)? Do reach out to us if you have enquiries pertaining to consulting and investment services. Changi Airport Group, duty media relations team Tel: +65 8608 3522Email:cmc@changiairport.com This number is only for calls from journalists/ reporters. We regret that we will not be able to help with enquiries from members of the public. For the customer hotline of Changi Airport and Jewel, clickhere. Spokesperson for Changi Airport and Changi Airport Group Ivan Tan Group Senior Vice President, Corporate & Marketing Communications Start exploring career opportunities with Changi From providing best-in-class passenger or baggage services, to ensuring the safety and security of the airport, youll never be bored being part of the community in Changi. Find out more about working with our trusted partners. At Changi, the Certis Group provides security solutions, such as access control, anti-touting and screening of passengers and baggagedelivering results without compromising passenger satisfaction. WIth more than 30 years of experience in Singapore, dnata provides ground-handling services, including passenger and ramp handling, flight catering, as well as cargo handling and security. As part of the Ministry of Home Affairs, the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (ICA) secures Singapore's borders against the entry of undesirable persons and cargo through land, air and sea checkpoints. Serving 43 airports and 11 countries, SATS offers gateway services, such as airfreight handling, passenger services, baggage handling, aviation security services, and airline catering. For brands which are interested in advertising in Changi Airport, please contact:Advertising General Enquiry, JCDecauxEmail:sales@jcdecaux.com.sg For all advertising proposals for Changi Airport Group, please contact:Havas MediaEmail:cagmedia.sg@havasmedia.com At Changi Airport Group, integrity is at the heart of everything we do. We are committed to conducting business with integrity, consistent with high ethical standards, and complying with all relevant accounting, financial reporting, internal controls, corporate governance and legal requirements wherever we operate. We expect every employee of the Group, as well as other persons acting on behalf of the Group, to maintain these standards. We are committed to promoting a culture of openness and transparency, where our employees, vendors, partners and other stakeholders have a trusted avenue to express concerns on any wrongdoing or behavior that is incompatible with Group policy or the values we espouse. If you have reason to believe that a CAG employee, or anyone acting on behalf of CAG has engaged in illegal or otherwise improper conduct, you should promptly report the matter to CAG via the following Fraud and Ethics hotline: Phone:+65 6603 4949 Post:Changi Airport Group (S) Pte LtdPO Box 168 Singapore Changi Airport Singapore 918146Attn: SVP, Internal Audit** Online submission:Clickhereto submit ** If you feel any of the foregoing reporting channels are not appropriate, then by post, "Attn: Chairman of Audit Committee". All reports made will be treated with confidence. CAG will not tolerate any kind of retaliation against anyone who, in good faith, reports any concern, irregularity or suspected violations. # For customer enquiries/feedback not relating to fraud, please use the following channels:enquiry@changiairport.comor call +65 6595 6868 (24 hours daily) to speak with our Customer Service Representatives. For Office & Warehouse Leasing, please contact: Email:rentableproperties@changiairport.com For more enquiries, please reach out to ushere. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
The latest news from Changi Airport. The latest news from Changi Airport. A monthly e-magazine which presents news and features on Singapore Changi Airport and Changi Airport Group. A monthly e-magazine which presents news and features on Singapore Changi Airport and Changi Airport Group. Get copies of publications like our annual reports and sustainability reports. Get copies of publications like our annual reports and sustainability reports. Get copies of high resolution images. Get copies of high resolution images. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Catch up on the latest news and access our downloadable resources. Need to contact others at CAG? Want to receive media releases from Changi Airport? Sign up here Want to receive media releases from Changi Airport? Sign up here Want to speak with someone from Changi Airport Group (CAG)? Do reach out to us if you have enquiries pertaining to media, careers, advertising or whistleblowing. Want to speak with someone from Changi Airport Group (CAG)? Do reach out to us if you have enquiries pertaining to media, careers, advertising or whistleblowing. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
A monthly e-magazine which presents news and features on Singapore Changi Airport and Changi Airport Group. A monthly e-magazine which presents news and features on Singapore Changi Airport and Changi Airport Group. Get copies of publications like our annual reports and sustainability reports. Get copies of publications like our annual reports and sustainability reports. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Changi Airport Group's (CAG) monthly e-magazine, which presents news and features on Singapore Changi Airport and Changi Airport Group. Changi Airport Group's (CAG) monthly e-magazine, which presents news and features on Singapore Changi Airport and Changi Airport Group. 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Explore Changi Airport's financial reports, annual highlights, and corporate insights. Stay informed with the latest updates on our business. Explore Changi Airport's financial reports, annual highlights, and corporate insights. Stay informed with the latest updates on our business. Enquiring for public information?You can email us atenquiry@changiairport.com Prefer to speak to us directly?Call our Customer Service Representatives at(+65) 65956868 Filming or photography on airport premises?Apply for filming/photography permithere. Members of mediacan write in to us atcmc@changiairport.com Spokesperson for Changi Airport and Changi Airport Group:Ivan TanGroup Senior Vice President,Corporate & Marketing CommunicationsEmail:ivan.tan@changiairport.com 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Access to high-quality images related to Changi Airport, Changi Airport Group and Jewel Changi Airport. Access to high-quality images related to Changi Airport, Changi Airport Group and Jewel Changi Airport. Enquiring for public information?You can email us atenquiry@changiairport.com Prefer to speak to us directly?Call our Customer Service Representatives at(+65) 65956868 Filming or photography on airport premises?Apply for filming/photography permithere. Members of mediacan write in to us atcmc@changiairport.com Spokesperson for Changi Airport and Changi Airport Group:Ivan TanGroup Senior Vice President,Corporate & Marketing CommunicationsEmail:ivan.tan@changiairport.com 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Explore the world's best airport and our city in a garden. Whether you are visiting Changi or on a layover, we have activities to suit everyone. Visitors can see the airport from a different perspective during the guided walking tour. For transiting passengers, they can get a glimpse of Singapore during the Free Singapore Tour, to make their trip even more memorable. What makes Changi Airport tick? Whats the special ingredient to create the unique Changi Experience? How does Changi get its busy terminals and airside to work together like clockwork?For Corporates & Students What makes Changi Airport tick? Whats the special ingredient to create the unique Changi Experience? How does Changi get its busy terminals and airside to work together like clockwork? For Corporates & Students See Singapore in 3 hours! If you are transiting through this tiny island-state, you can discover Singapores sights and sounds, and rich heritage with the Free Singapore Tour.For Transiting Passengers See Singapore in 3 hours! If you are transiting through this tiny island-state, you can discover Singapores sights and sounds, and rich heritage with the Free Singapore Tour. For Transiting Passengers Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
What makes Changi Airport tick? Whats the special ingredient to create the unique Changi Experience? How does Changi get its busy terminals and airside to work together like clockwork? Visitors will get a chance to learn about Changis people, operations, developments and more in Changis very own Airport Tours! For organisations based in Singapore, sign up for Changis Airport Tours now! If your organisation is from outside Singapore and you are interested to tour Changi Airport, customised tours can be arranged. Please email us atcmc@changiairport.com Visitors will have a better understanding of how Changi Airport Group designed our terminals and visitor experiences, what makes the airport tick and how we manage to stay the most awarded airport in the world since the airport started operations.This is a walking tour of Terminals 3 and 2 for groups (max. of 30), not available for booking by individuals.(Note: visitors should be at least 18 years old)Sign uphere! Visitors will have a better understanding of how Changi Airport Group designed our terminals and visitor experiences, what makes the airport tick and how we manage to stay the most awarded airport in the world since the airport started operations. This is a walking tour of Terminals 3 and 2 for groups (max. of 30), not available for booking by individuals. (Note: visitors should be at least 18 years old) Sign uphere! Visitors will learn about what goes behind-the-scenes at Changi, to keep the airport going like clockwork.Go on a bus tour in the airside to learn interesting nuggets of information and gain insights to special jobs at the airport. Visitors will also learn about innovations that the airport started trialling over the last few years.This bus tour is for groups (max. of 17), not available for booking by individuals.(Note: visitors should be at least 18 years old)Sign uphere! Visitors will learn about what goes behind-the-scenes at Changi, to keep the airport going like clockwork. Go on a bus tour in the airside to learn interesting nuggets of information and gain insights to special jobs at the airport. Visitors will also learn about innovations that the airport started trialling over the last few years. This bus tour is for groups (max. of 17), not available for booking by individuals. (Note: visitors should be at least 18 years old) Sign uphere! Tour 1 costs S$545 (includes 9% GST) per tour. Tour 2 costs S$1,090 (includes 9% GST) per tour. Payment will be made using credit card, via our online platform. We will not be able to issue e-invoice or manual invoice. There is no minimum group size. Maximum group size for Tour 1 is 30 persons. Maximum group size for Tour 2 is 17 persons. For groups larger than the maximum group size stated, organisations should make additional tour bookings on another day. Yes, but visitors who require wheelchair assistance should be accompanied by a fellow visitor. Both tours will take approximately 1.5 hours to complete. Tour 1 will start in Terminal 3 and end at Terminal 2. Tour 2 will start in Terminal 2 and end at either Terminal 2 or 3, depending on the visitor's preference Yes, you will need to go through security screening as part of the tour. Please do not bring along any sharp objects, or liquids, aerosols or gel (LAGs) of more than 100ml, as these will be discarded during the security screening process. Please avoid shorts, slippers or sandals. Both tours will be conducted indoors. For Tour 2, the airside tour will be conducted in an air-conditioned bus. Yes. Please bring along your NRIC or work permit, as you will need to exchange it for your airport pass to enter the restricted area. Other Links Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Dive into the vibrant tapestry of Changi Airports events and promotions, where each moment is an invitation to celebrate the joy of travel and discovery. Catch the latest buzz, events and whats happening in Changi Airport right now. Catch the latest buzz, events and whats happening in Changi Airport right now. Discover great deals and exclusive offers available at Changi Airport. Discover great deals and exclusive offers available at Changi Airport. Experience Changi Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Exciting Events that Await You Enjoy events fit for your entire family. Treat yourself to a little bit of luxury. A very different workout experience for an adrenaline rush. A very different workout experience for an adrenaline rush. Join our annual run along the Jurassic Mile and pretend to be running away from dinosaurs! Join Changi Airports very first eat-a-thon and enjoy free parking for the whole year. Chaos Lab :Event Highlights Ready to enter Dr. Splats Lab?Meet the mad scientist & his assistants in this exciting room with color changing lights! Ready to enter Dr. Splats Lab? Meet the mad scientist & his assistants in this exciting room with color changing lights! Get ready for a whirlwind of excitement with these pressure pipes! Drop the balls inside and gear up to catch 'em all as they zoom through the tubes. Get ready for a whirlwind of excitement with these pressure pipes! Drop the balls inside and gear up to catch 'em all as they zoom through the tubes. Do what you cant do at home: doodle, write, draw on walls, floor or even on your body! And dont forget to have a blast playing twister! Do what you cant do at home: doodle, write, draw on walls, floor or even on your body! And dont forget to have a blast playing twister! Transform the wall into a vibrant canvas with these colorful light tubes. Transform the wall into a vibrant canvas with these colorful light tubes. Create your own ooey gooey masterpiece, you can even bring it home! Stretch, squeeze, make sculptures, get creative! Create your own ooey gooey masterpiece, you can even bring it home! Stretch, squeeze, make sculptures, get creative! Heres where things get a little bit chaotic! Release all your playfulness in our colorful ball pit!*Please bring your own socks in order to enter the ball pit Heres where things get a little bit chaotic! Release all your playfulness in our colorful ball pit! *Please bring your own socks in order to enter the ball pit Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Hello Kitty and Friends have landed in Changi Airport! Look forward to loads of exciting attractions, carnival games, and a fun-filled experience for all. Hello Kitty and Friends have landed in Changi Airport! Look forward to loads of exciting attractions, carnival games, and a fun-filled experience for all. Changi Festive Village is back with a refreshed range of family-friendly attractions and activities suitable for all ages! Get ready for an exhilarating time at the Cosmic HydroPark, strike a pose with Hello Kitty and Friends around the terminals, andredeem exclusive Sanrio purchase-with-purchase premiums when you shop at Changi Airport. CELEBRATE HELLO KITTY AND FRIENDS It's Hello Kitty's 50th Anniversary and a whole line-up of exciting activities await! Get ready for a fun day out with exciting rides, games and limited-edition merchandise to be won! Get ready for a fun day out with exciting rides, games and limited-edition merchandise to be won! Meet Hello Kitty and Friends on selected weekends for an unmissable photo opportunity! Meet Hello Kitty and Friends on selected weekends for an unmissable photo opportunity! Spot the 8-metre-tall Hello Kitty and soak in the festive spirit as the snow falls. Spot the 8-metre-tall Hello Kitty and soak in the festive spirit as the snow falls. Delight in the most adorable Hello Kitty and Friends merchandise at our pop-up stores across Changi Airport! Delight in the most adorable Hello Kitty and Friends merchandise at our pop-up stores across Changi Airport! FUN FOR THE FAMILY Splash around and have an exhilarating time with your family at an exciting inflatable water park! Splash around and have an exhilarating time with your family at an exciting inflatable water park! From 29 November 2024, this immersive experience combines 3D projection and aviation-themed storytelling, bringing the tiny chefs journey to life right at your table. From 29 November 2024, this immersive experience combines 3D projection and aviation-themed storytelling, bringing the tiny chefs journey to life right at your table. This festive season, shop and gift your loved ones with thoughtful presents at our pop-up stores. This festive season, shop and gift your loved ones with thoughtful presents at our pop-up stores. Receive Mission Passes by shopping and dining at Changi Airport, booking an activity pass, or simply saving your flight on Changi App. Receive Mission Passes by shopping and dining at Changi Airport, booking an activity pass, or simply saving your flight on Changi App. REDEEM HELLO KITTY AND FRIENDS PREMIUMS Redeem a Hello Kitty and Friends premium from S$12.90 and enjoy up to S$20 off your next purchase! Redeem a Hello Kitty and Friends premium from S$12.90 and enjoy up to S$20 off your next purchase! Redeem a Puffy Bag in Charcoal for S$29.90 when you shop on iShopChangi. Redeem a Puffy Bag in Charcoal for S$29.90 when you shop on iShopChangi. Unlock more exclusive Hello Kitty and Friends premiums when you spend as a Changi Rewards member. Unlock more exclusive Hello Kitty and Friends premiums when you spend as a Changi Rewards member. Try your luck at the Festive Gachapon to win limited- edition Hello Kitty 50th Anniversary collectibles and more! Try your luck at the Festive Gachapon to win limited- edition Hello Kitty 50th Anniversary collectibles and more! Thank you for your support! This premium has been fully redeemed. Thank you for your support! This premium has been fully redeemed. Changi Airport transforms into an adorable and celebratory wonderland in this years installation of Changi Festive Village! Check out the fun activities on YouTube. From Changis first-ever waterpark to a line-up of activities with Sanrio characters, weve compiled a list of must-dos for your visit to Changi Festive Village 2024. Read more about the event here. From Changis first-ever waterpark to a line-up of activities with Sanrio characters, weve compiled a list of must-dos for your visit to Changi Festive Village 2024. Read more about the event here. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Exclusive Launches and ConceptPop-ups at Changi Airport Introducing Changi 1st, an unparalleled event showcasing exclusive launches andconcept pop-ups from global brands.Be the first to access the latest, highlycoveted products before anyone else and take advantage of limited-timepromotions available only at Changi Airport. Visit any of our outposts now andindulge in the unique experiences Changi Airport has to offer! Discover the NEW Appellations single malt travel retail exclusive series, a unique collaboration with some of the worlds finest wine-producing regions.Visit Bowmores Exclusive Concept Pop-up at Terminal 1 Departure Transit from 1 November to 11 December 2024, open daily from 6:00 AM - 1:00 AM. Discover the NEW Appellations single malt travel retail exclusive series, a unique collaboration with some of the worlds finest wine-producing regions. Visit Bowmores Exclusive Concept Pop-up at Terminal 1 Departure Transit from 1 November to 11 December 2024, open daily from 6:00 AM - 1:00 AM. Journey through a spiky world while immersed in Augmented and Virtual Reality at The Macallans exclusive pop-up in Terminal 3 Transit Hall from 13 November 2024 to 12 January 2025. Journey through a spiky world while immersed in Augmented and Virtual Reality at The Macallans exclusive pop-up in Terminal 3 Transit Hall from 13 November 2024 to 12 January 2025. Indulge in opulence with The Glenlivet's exquisite new 40-year-old edition and 55-year-old edition of The Eternal Collection at Terminal 1 Departure Transit from 14 December 2024 to 9 January 2025. Indulge in opulence with The Glenlivet's exquisite new 40-year-old edition and 55-year-old edition of The Eternal Collection at Terminal 1 Departure Transit from 14 December 2024 to 9 January 2025. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Great deals not to be missed Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Fly high to more privileges with Changi Rewards Fly high to more privileges with Changi Rewards Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Earn points and enjoy benefits when you shop and dine at Changi Airport. Find out how you can move up the tiers and the benefits that you can enjoy! As a cherished member of the Changi Rewards community, you are on the path toextraordinary benefits.To take this experience even higher, we have introduced the new andprestigious Monarch tier Changi Rewards membership. This by invitation tier recognises the elite status of top Changi Rewards members who meet qualifying requirements such as a minimum S$25,000 cumulatively spend at Changi Airports terminals, Jewel and/or iShopChangiwithin a rolling 12-monthperiod.That's not all Monarch members will enjoy personalised luxury benefits available exclusively to only those at this highest loyalty rewards tier. Elevate your experience with us and discover the luxury of being a Monarch member.Unlock an exclusive world of privileges with . As a cherished member of the Changi Rewards community, you are on the path toextraordinary benefits. To take this experience even higher, we have introduced the new andprestigious Monarch tier Changi Rewards membership. This by invitation tier recognises the elite status of top Changi Rewards members who meet qualifying requirements such as a minimum S$25,000 cumulatively spend at Changi Airports terminals, Jewel and/or iShopChangiwithin a rolling 12-monthperiod. That's not all Monarch members will enjoy personalised luxury benefits available exclusively to only those at this highest loyalty rewards tier. Elevate your experience with us and discover the luxury of being a Monarch member. Unlock an exclusive world of privileges with . KEY BENEFITS Shop guilt-free with GST-absorbed purchases at the public areas in the airport. See how it works. Earn up to 4% rebate when you convert your points into e-Vouchers or offset your purchases on iShopChangi.com. Enjoy exclusive parking privileges at the main terminals and Jewel Changi Airport. Receive exclusive invitations to members-only events. Discover how to earn Changi Rewards points and STAR$ in a single receipt at Jewel Changi Airport. Find out more. Discover how to earn Changi Rewards points and STAR$ in a single receipt at Jewel Changi Airport. Find out more. Earning and Using Points Present your Changi Rewards e-Card when you shop and dine at Changi Airport, Jewel Changi Airport, or when you shop on iShopChangi to earn Changi Rewards points. You may also earn Changi Rewards points when you spend on our partner sites.Earn rebates with a minimum spend of S$10. Member Gold Platinum Monarch 0.5% rebate (1X points, S$10 = 10 points) 1% rebate (2X points, S$10 = 20 points) 3% rebate (6X points, S$10 = 60 points) 4% rebate (8X points, S$10 = 80 points) Convert your points to Changi e-Voucher(s), Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi, Krisflyer miles or redeem for exclusive rewards on our Rewards Catalogue. Keep track of your membership details easily through theChangi App. Changi Rewards points earned will be valid for 12 months from the date of deposit, through the last day of the final month. Any unutilised points during this period will expire and be forfeited. i.e Points earned on 13th July, 23rd July or 30th July 2024 will expire on 31st July 2025. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
COMPLIMENTARY DAILY PARKING From 2 May 2024, Gold members will enjoy 1-Hour complimentary parking daily at Changi Airport, without any spend! Platinum members will continue to enjoy 2-Hour complimentary parking at T1/Jewel (General lots - B3 to B5 only), T2, T3 and T4 car parks. With minimumS$60cumulative same-day nett spend at participating outlets inT1 T4 Public Areas(excluding Jewel Changi Airport)* * Applicable to T1/Jewel (General lots - B3 to B5 only), T2, T3 and T4 car parks only.*Excludes eve of and Public Holidays.*T&Cs apply With minimumS$60cumulative same-day nett spend at participating outlets inT1 T4 Public Areas(excluding Jewel Changi Airport)* * Applicable to T1/Jewel (General lots - B3 to B5 only), T2, T3 and T4 car parks only. *Excludes eve of and Public Holidays. *T&Cs apply With minimumS$80cumulative same-day nett spend at participating outlets inJewel Changi Airport** Applicable to T1/Jewel car park (General lots - B3 to B5 only).*Excludes eve of and Public Holidays.*T&Cs apply. With minimumS$80cumulative same-day nett spend at participating outlets inJewel Changi Airport* * Applicable to T1/Jewel car park (General lots - B3 to B5 only). *Excludes eve of and Public Holidays. *T&Cs apply. MONARCH RESERVED FREE PARKING Monarch members enjoy complimentary reserved parking lots at T1 - Jewel, T2, T3 and T4 carparks*.*T&Cs apply Monarch members enjoy complimentary reserved parking lots at T1 - Jewel, T2, T3 and T4 carparks*. *T&Cs apply Frequently Asked Questions Free daily parking benefit for Gold and Platinum members will be automatically credited to members IUon a daily basis. Members arerequired to input or update your In-Vehicle Unit (IU) number in your Changi Rewards profile through the Changi App to receive the dailyparking benefits. Parking charges equivalent to the free parking hours will automatically be offset from your parking charges when you exit the car park. No, the daily complimentary parking hour(s) for Gold and Platinum members shall not be prorated based on the actual amount of timeparked. The full hours of free parking (1 hour for Gold member and 2 hours for Platinum member) will beutilisedupon the members firstexit from the carpark during the day (i.e.if a Gold member parks for 30 minutes, the full hours of free 1 hour parking will beutilisedupon hisexit. Member would not be able to enjoy the remaining 30 mins of free parking for his second visit on the same day). Find out more on the free parking benefits with minimum spendhere.  members will enjoy 2 hour of free parking with anaccumulated same-day qualifying net spend of S$60atparticipating outlets at Changi Airports public area across Terminal 1 to 4 (excluding Jewel, but inclusive of terminal supermarkets),excluding eve of and Public Holidays.  members will enjoy 2 hour of free parking with anaccumulated same-day qualifyingnettspend of S$80atparticipating outlets at Jewel Changi Airport (inclusive of supermarkets), excluding eve of and Public Holidays. Membersmustensure that their Rewards Card is scanned at the point of transaction,in order toaccumulate the required qualifyingnettspend and redeem the free parking. Yes, it will be automatically credited and reflected underMyCarPass> MyeCouponsprovided thatRewards Card was scanned for all 3transactions. To avoid any inconvenience, do remember to scan your Rewards Card at each point of transaction. No, accumulative spend at T1 to T4 and Jewel cannot be combined. 2 hours free parking is valid for S$60  at T1 toT4 Public Areas and/or S$80  at Jewel Changi Airport. No, accumulated spend at Jewel can only qualify for 2 hours free parking at T1-Jewel carpark (General parking lots B3 to B5) only. No, only one parking benefit of 2 hours free parking can beutilisedupon each exit. The second parkingeCouponof 2 hours free parkingwhich you have earned can beutilisedupon your following visit to Changi Airport at the applicable carpark,as long asyou exit within thevalidity period of theeCoupon. Yes, the minimum nett amount per transaction/ receipt to qualify for 2-hour free parking benefit with spend at either T1 to T4 public areas or Jewel Changi Airport is S$10. The non-participating outlets for Changi Rewards parking benefits is the same as the exclusion list for earning of Changi Rewards points.You may refer toclause 4.8of Changi Rewards T&Cs for the full list of non-participating outlets. Based on the order of priority for parking benefits andeCoupons, the free parking benefit with minimum spend shall be applied first,followed by your existing parking rebates. Members are encouraged to verify throughCarPass, the eligible parking redemptions, privileges or benefits available to them. The order ofpriority is subjected to changes and members may refer tohttps://carpass.changiairport.com/FAQ.htmlfor latest updates. Should there be a need to amend the In-vehicle Unit (IU) number, you can update your vehicle details using MyCarPassportal. Do note thatthe IU number registered in your Changi Rewards membership account will be updated accordingly with the updated IU number and thisupdate will apply toall ofyour existingeCoupons, parking privileges and parking rebates, as well as future parking redemptions made viaMyCarPassportal. No, you may only register one IU number to your Changi Rewards account. Each IU number can only be registered to an individual ChangiRewards account. If the IU numbers belongs to a shared vehicle, you may first remove the IU from the original Changi Rewards accountbefore updating it onto another Changi Rewards account. Please exit the carpark and pay the full parking charges first, then write in to enquiry@changiairport.com with more details of the situation.The team would investigate and reach out to you to provide a resolution. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Discover exciting rewards you can redeem with your points. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Stay up-to-date with the unique and exclusive events that members are invited to. Stay up-to-date with the unique and exclusive events that members are invited to. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Monarch is Changi Rewards most prestigious rewards tier, exclusive to our most esteemed patrons of Changi Airport. Monarch, the King of Butterflies and an ultra-rare one, perfectly encapsulates how unique each of our distinguished customers is. The one and only. As a cherished member of the Changi Rewards community, you are on the path to extraordinary benefits.To take this experience even higher, we have introduced the new and prestigious Monarch tier Changi Rewards membership. This by-invitation tier recognises the elite status of top Changi Rewards members who meeta minimum S$25,000 accumulative nett spend at Changi Airport, Jewel Changi Airport and/or iShopChangi within theassessment period, amongst other criteria. That's not all Monarch members will enjoy personalised luxury benefits available exclusively to only those at this highest loyalty rewards tier. Elevate your experience with us and discover the luxury of being a Monarch member.Unlock an exclusive world of privileges with our Monarch membership. As a cherished member of the Changi Rewards community, you are on the path to extraordinary benefits. To take this experience even higher, we have introduced the new and prestigious Monarch tier Changi Rewards membership. This by-invitation tier recognises the elite status of top Changi Rewards members who meeta minimum S$25,000 accumulative nett spend at Changi Airport, Jewel Changi Airport and/or iShopChangi within theassessment period, amongst other criteria. That's not all Monarch members will enjoy personalised luxury benefits available exclusively to only those at this highest loyalty rewards tier. Elevate your experience with us and discover the luxury of being a Monarch member. Unlock an exclusive world of privileges with our Monarch membership. Benefits Enjoy exclusive benefits as a Monarch member. Earn 4% rebate (8X Changi Rewards points) on your spend. No cap on points. Earn 4% rebate (8X Changi Rewards points) on your spend. No cap on points. Enjoy year long complimentary parking across Changi Airport Terminals and Jewel carparks with selected reserved Monarch carpark lots. Enjoy year long complimentary parking across Changi Airport Terminals and Jewel carparks with selected reserved Monarch carpark lots. Elevate your Changi experience with an ultra-personalised dedicated concierge. Elevate your Changi experience with an ultra-personalised dedicated concierge. Receive S$60 free Changi e-Vouchers (Flexi) on your birthday. Receive S$60 free Changi e-Vouchers (Flexi) on your birthday. Be invited to exclusive events and personalised experiences. Be invited to exclusive events and personalised experiences. Experience unparalleled luxury with our Monarch concierge service, featuring a dedicated concierge line tailored to your every need. Experience unparalleled luxury with our Monarch concierge service, featuring a dedicated concierge line tailored to your every need. Enjoy savings of up to S$50 with promotions and discounts for selected luxury brands. Terms and conditions apply. Enjoy savings of up to S$50 with promotions and discounts for selected luxury brands. Terms and conditions apply. Experience White Glove Delivery service by Monarch Concierge with a minimum purchase of S$2,000. Experience White Glove Delivery service by Monarch Concierge with a minimum purchase of S$2,000. Shopping has never been easier. Enjoy the ultimate convenience and let us take the stress out of your pre and post-flight experience with Monarch's cross-terminal shopping capabilities. Shopping has never been easier. Enjoy the ultimate convenience and let us take the stress out of your pre and post-flight experience with Monarch's cross-terminal shopping capabilities. Savour convenience when you dine at Changi Airport and Jewel with dining reservations arranged beforehand by Monarch Concierge.*Subjected to availability. Savour convenience when you dine at Changi Airport and Jewel with dining reservations arranged beforehand by Monarch Concierge. *Subjected to availability. Contact Us +65 8798 7708 Parking Enjoy year long complimentary parking with selected reserved Monarch carpark lots at T1/Jewel (General lots - B3 to B5 only), T2, T3 and T4 car parks.**Terms & Conditions apply Enjoy year long complimentary parking with selected reserved Monarch carpark lots at T1/Jewel (General lots - B3 to B5 only), T2, T3 and T4 car parks.* *Terms & Conditions apply Frequently Asked Questions By invite only, Monarch is the most prestigious tier in ChangiRewards loyalty program, exclusive to selected Changi Rewardsmembers. The Monarch tier is a by-invite onlytier,members must hit acumulative net spend of at least S$25,000 per annum among othercriteria. Like the other tiers, Monarch membership lasts for a year 12months starting from the date that a member is invited to join theMonarch Tier. To re-qualify for the Monarch tier, members must spend acumulative net spend of at least S$25,000 per annum starting fromthe date a member is invited to join Monarch, among other criteria. Monarch members enjoy: Monarch reserved lots shall be occupied on a first-come-firstserved basis. There are 3 lots per carpark. Monarch car decal isrequired to be placed in IU-registered cars of Monarch members,failing  (i.e.vehicles without Monarchdecal) will be subjected to wheel-clamping. Monarch members will be issued with a Monarch car decal to beplaced in their IU-registered car. This decal will be required forparking at any of the Monarch reserved parking lots and will expire on31 March every year. New decals will be re-issued to eligiblemembers after 31 March. When in doubt, CAG and/or its carpark partner (Wilson Parking)reserve the rights to request for any other form of  from the vehicle owner at the Monarch reserved lot.CAG reserves the right to withdraw any parking privileges at any timeat its sole discretion if CAG has reasonable grounds for believing thatthe parking is either fraudulent or not in compliance with our Termsand Conditions, and in all circumstances CAGs decision shall befinal. Benefit shall be auto-credited to the In-Vehicle Unit (IU) number tiedto the Monarch members profile. In the event there is no IU numbertied to the Monarch members profile, the Cardholder will not receivethe car parking benefit. Benefit is not transferable to others. Monarch member will enjoy complimentary parking all-year round atTerminal 2 Car Park 2A & 2B, Terminal 3 Car Park 3A & 3B, Terminal4 Car Park 4A & 4B, and Terminal 1/Jewel Car Park (B3 to B5general lots only). Yes, the use of any designated Monarch reserved parking lots by Monarch Cardholders is restricted to a maximum of 24 hours from the time of entry at the relevant car park, so that the reserved parking lots can be freed up for more Monarch members usage. Monarch Cardholders can park at the non-reserved parking lots at the relevant car parks with no parking duration restriction. The complimentary parking provided to Monarch members applies to the non-reserved parking lots. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
ABOUT MEMBERSHIP Beyond your regular point-based loyalty programme, Changi Rewards is free and packed with exclusive benefits and privileges. It is Changi Airports only loyalty programme that rewards when you shop and dine at Changi Airport, Jewel Changi Airport, andiShopChangi. Find out all the benefitshere. To sign up, download the Changi App or visit Changi Rewardswebsite. Upon submission, activate your Changi Account through the verification link sent to your registered e-mail address. After activation, you may now access your Changi Rewards e-Card through the Changi App or Changi Rewards website. The Changi Rewards programme is open to all applicants who are 16 years old and above at the time of application. Your membership starts immediately upon submission of your completed registration. However, you are required to activate your Changi Account before you are able to login to your Changi Rewards account. Changi Rewards membership is free. As a Changi Rewards member, you can get to enjoy a series of benefits. Here is a summary of the benefits: BENEFITS MEMBER TIER GOLD TIER PLATINUM TIER MONARCH TIER GST Absorbed YES YES YES YES Shopping Rebates YES YES YES YES Exclusive Events YES YES YES YES Points to Miles YES YES YES YES Parking Privileges YES YES YES YES Dedicated Concierge Service YES Birthday Gift YES YES YES YES No, each person is entitled to one Changi Rewards membership sign-up. CAG reserves the right to void any one of the duplicate accounts. Changi Rewards membership is non-transferrable. If any member is found using someone elses purchase to accumulate points for his own account, CAG reserves the right to terminate the use of his card. You can use your Changi Rewards e-Card to earn points at all participating stores in Changi Airport, on iShopChangi.com, at Jewel Changi Airport and on our partners platforms. There is no expiry date to Changi Rewards membership. Changi Rewards has gonedigitaland we do not print any more physical cards. You may now access your Changi Rewards account and e-Card through the Changi App or Changi Rewards website. Changi Rewards membership is strictly non-transferable. To cancel your Changi Rewards membership, please write in to us through theContact Uswebform orenquiry@changiairport.com. Kindly note that if you cancel your Changi Rewards membership, your Changi Account and other Changi Airport related digital accounts will be terminated. You will no longer be able to use your points and enjoy all the privileges of the programme. MEMBERSHIP TIER There are 4 tiers in the Changi Rewards membership programme, namely Member tier, Gold tier, Platinum tier and Monarch tier. For the different tiers benefits, please clickhere. Changi Rewards provides you with more benefits as you shop more with us at Changi Airport, iShopChangi, and Jewel Changi Airport. As your accumulated nett spend increases, you get to upgrade to the next tier and enjoy more benefits. Here is a brief summary of the benefits you will get to enjoy: BENEFITS MEMBER TIER GOLD TIER PLATINUM TIER MONARCH TIER GST Absorbed YES YES YES YES Shopping Rebates YES YES YES YES Exclusive Events YES YES YES YES Points to Miles YES YES YES YES Parking Privileges YES YES YES YES Dedicated Concierge Service YES Birthday Gift YES YES YES YES You may check your membership tier by logging into the Changi App or Changi Rewardswebsite. Your upgrade status begins the moment you have completed the transaction that qualifies you for the new tier, and it will be valid for one year from the month of spending. For example, if you qualify for Gold tier on 3 May 2023, your membership in Gold tier shall end on 2 May 2024. Your cumulative nett spend is based on the total nett spend accumulated in a period of 12 months, after deduction of discounts and voucher redemptions, rounded down to the nearest dollar. Minimum spend of S$10 in a single receipt applies for cumulative spend to earn Changi Rewards points and in every block of S$10. Example Purchase amount (Less: Voucher used) S$105.90 In-Store Voucher issued by the store: S$20.00 Changi Rewards e-Voucher payment: S$10.00 Nett Payment (by Cash / NETS / Credit card) S$75.90 Cumulated Nett Spend added S$75.00 You can start enjoying the new tier benefits immediately except for parking privileges which will be effected on the following day. If you did not successfully meet the spending requirement to extend your current tier (Gold, Platinum or Monarch), you will be downgraded to either Member, Gold or Platinum tier for the next year, depending on your cumulative spend. EARN POINTS Present your Changi Rewards e-Card when you shop and dine at Changi Airport, Jewel Changi Airport, or when you shop on iShopChangi to earn Changi Rewards points. You may also earn Changi Rewards points when you spend on our partner sites. Clickhereto see our growing list of partners!You can earn Changi Rewards points by making qualifying purchases at outlets located at the public and transit areas in Changi Airport, Jewel Changi Airport, and iShopChangi, excluding Points are awarded based on the nett purchase value after deduction of discounts and voucher redemptions at all participating stores. Payment made using Changi e-Voucher(s) and all other in Store Vouchers are not entitled to Changi Rewards points. Purchases of Gift/In-Store Vouchers are not entitled to Changi Rewards points too. Every S$10 nett spent in a single transaction in Changi Airport participating stores entitles the Changi Rewards member to earn Changi Rewards points, rounded down to the nearest S$10 dollar. You will need to present your e-Card/physical card prior purchase to record the points earned. Get to earn more points as you progress up the tiers! Gold tier members earn 2x Changi Rewards points (S$10 = 20 points) and Platinum members earn 6x Changi Rewards points (S$10 = 60 points). TIER EARN RATE Member 0.5% rebate S$10 = 10 Changi Rewards Points Gold 1% rebate S$10 = 20 Changi Rewards Points Platinum 3% rebate S$10 = 60 Changi Rewards Points Monarch 4% rebate S$10 = 80 Changi Rewards Points Points will be awarded into your account immediately upon payment and are available for redemption after seven (7) calendar days from the time the points were earned. For bonus points during promotional period, please follow the Terms and Conditions of the respective promotions to understand the grace period to award your bonus points. You may check your points balance and transactions by logging in to the Changi App or Changi Rewardswebsite. Points balance will also be printed at the bottom of the receipt with every purchase if you present your Changi Rewards e-Card at any participating Changi Airport and Jewel Changi Airport outlets. Only rolling 12-month points accumulated will be reflected on the receipt. Changi Rewards points can only be awarded for your own purchases. If any member is found using receipts other than those from his own purchases to accumulate points, CAG reserves the right to terminate his Changi Rewards account. Yes, you may submit your receipts for the qualifying transactions through theContact UsWebform,enquiry@changiairport.comorchat with MAX. Such receipt(s) must be in good condition and not more than seven (7) days old from the receipt date. No. Points earned are non-transferable. Points are awarded based on the nett spend after deduction of discounts and voucher redemptions at all participating outlets. Payment made using Changi e-Voucher(s), Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi, and all other In-Store Vouchers are not entitled to Changi Rewards points. Purchases of Gift/In-Store Vouchers are not entitled to Changi Rewards points too. From 1 April 2022, a S$5,000 nett spend cap on the number of points awarded will be implemented for every shop and dine transaction you made at Changi Airport, Jewel Changi Airport, iShopChangi or on Sift and Pick. There is no points cap for Monarch members. The maximum earned points for each tier will be 5,000 points for Member, 10,000 points for Gold and 30,000 points for Platinum based on S$5,000 nett spending in a single receipt. For Monarch members, there is no cap on the maximum earned points for every transaction, i.e.Monarch members will earn the number of CR points with the earn rate of S$10 = 80 Changi Rewards Points for all transactions. The maximum earned points for each tier will be 5,000 points for Member, 10,000 points for Gold and 30,000 points for Platinum based on S$5,000 nett spending in a single receipt. For Monarch members, there is no cap on the maximum earned points for every transaction, i.e.Monarch members will earn the number of CR points with the earn rate of S$10 = 80 Changi Rewards Points for all transactions. If you are a Platinum member, the maximum earned points will be 60,000 (S$20,000 nett spend = 30,000 points + S$10,000 nett spend = 30,000 points) based on the receipt from Store A and receipt from Store B. If you are a Monarch member the maximum earned points will be 240,000 points (S$20,000 nett spend = 160,000 points + S$10,000 nett spend = 80,000 points) based on the receipt from Store A and receipt from Store B. There is no limit to the maximum number of points per day/month/year as it is set based on per transaction. As such, you may continue to spend on multiple items within a store or across different stores. USE POINTS You can redeem your Changi Rewards points from the wide range of exclusive rewards on theRewards Catalogue. Alternatively, you can redeem Changi e-Voucher(s), Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi, or parking rebates through the Changi App. Changi Rewards points can be used to redeem for Changi e-Voucher(s) or e-Voucher(s) Flexi to offset your purchases, parking rebates, premiums, KrisFlyer miles and many more. Find out more on ourRewards Catalogue. Changi Rewards points earned must be redeemed within 12 months from the date of deposit, expiring by the last day of the rolling 12th month. Any unutilised points will expire and be forfeited, i.e Points deposited on 23rd June 2024 must be redeemed before 30th June 2025. No, Changi Rewards points are non-transferable. Any unredeemed points will be automatically forfeited. No extension of validity for unused points is allowed. Yes, you can redeem Changi e-Voucher(s) or e-Voucher(s) Flexi through your Changi App or Changi Rewardswebsitewith your Changi Rewards points to offset your purchases at the participating stores. Changi Rewards points are available for redemption after seven (7) calendar days from the time the points were earned. BENEFITS AND PRIVILEGES This is an exclusive privilege for Platinum members only. Upon upgrade, Platinum members will receive an email with the Airport Lounge e-passes which will be required upon entry. If you are a Platinum member but you did not receive the upgrade email, please email us atenquiry@changiairport.com.The last issuance of Passes will be on 30 June 2024. Starting from 1 July 2024, Passes will no longer be issued to Platinum Cardholders.Each issued Pass is valid for 12 months from the date of issuance for a one time use only. Each Pass admits one person per Pass. You can use your complimentary Airport Lounge Passes at the following locations: Free daily parking benefit for Gold and Platinum members will be automatically credited to members IUon a daily basis. Members arerequired to input or update your In-Vehicle Unit (IU) number in your Changi Rewards profile through the Changi App to receive the dailyparking benefits. Parking charges equivalent to the free parking hours will automatically be offset from your parking charges when you exit the car park. Find out more on the free parking benefits with minimum spendhere CHANGI E-VOUCHER AND E-VOUCHER FLEXI Changi Rewards e-Voucher is a digital version of a cash voucher that you may use your Changi Rewards points to redeem for, and use at all participating outlets in Changi Airport, across Terminal 1 to 4, excluding Jewel Changi Airport. Changi e-Voucher(s) can be used at participating outlets in Changi Airport except the following outlets listed in Table 1 below. Table 1: Outlets that do not accept CR e-Voucher(s) Public Area Transit Area *Retail pushcarts in Terminal 3 Basement 2 are not temporary outposts and CR e-Voucher(s) can be used for purchases at these retail pushcarts. 1,000 CR points = $5 e-voucherChangi Rewards e-Voucher(s) come in denominations of S$5 Changi e-Voucher Flexi is a digital version of a cash voucher that you may use your Changi Rewards points to redeem for, and use at all participating outlets in both Changi Airport and Jewel Changi Airport. Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi can be used at participating outlets in Changi Airport and Jewel Changi Airport except the following outlets listed below and in Table 2. Participating outlets in Jewel Changi Airport: MUJI, URBAN REVIVO, TSUI WAH, THE SHIRT BAR, UNIQLO, Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf, DUNKIN' DONUTS, GOCHI-SO SHOKUDO, YUN NANS, MOTHERCARE, BOOST JUICE BARS, BENGAWAN SOLO, OSIM, OWNDAYS, TONITO, KKO KKO NARA, CROCS, OGAWA A.I.SLAND, PARIS BAGUETTE, A&W, THE ALLEY, SF Fruits, WA-EN YAKINIKU, BEAUTY IN THE POT, Samsonite, LAC Nutrition for Life, Beautique by iShopChangi, ECCO, SONG FA BAK KUT TEH, OWELL BODYCARE, NY Char Grill, PICOTA NAIL SPA, CHOW TAI FOOK, O'COFFEE CLUB ROASTERY, TOAST BOX and THYE MOH CHAN, BEE CHENG HIANG, DESIGUAL, L'ECLAIR PATISSERIE, PARADISE CLASSIC AND LENU, PEDRO, CHICHA SAN CHEN, Lenskart, TOKYO MILKCHEESE AND COW COW KITCHEN, TONG GARDEN, Jollibean, BOARDING GATE, JEWEL ATTRACTIONS, ASIAN ARTISTRY FINE JEWELLERY, The Tinsel Rack, TAPAS CLUB SPANISH RESTAURANT, NEW BALANCE, SUSHI TEI, SK Jewellery, BURGER and LOBSTER, FOOD REPUBLIC, SO PHO, Kei Kaisendon, BOTTLES and BOTTLES, Monster Curry, HOT TOMATO CAFE & GRILL, BAKERY CUISINE ONE, ITACHO SUSHI, SANOOK KITCHEN, ANDERSEN'S OF DENMARK, SHIKI HOTOTOGITSU RAMEN, COU COU, EU YAN SANG, STARBUCKS, LADY M, AROMA TRUFFLE, Sun Paradise, SUSHIRO, SKECHERS, TIM HO WAN, % ARABICA, LADERACH SWISS SUISSE, EL FUEGO BY COLLINS, POKEMON CENTER SINGAPORE, Hands, Paul, OLD CHANG KEE, DIAN XIAO ER, PUTIEN, ARTEASTIQ, MOS BURGER, WHITE RESTAURANT, EUREKA POPCORN, FUN TOAST, Hurley, YOLE, AN ACAI AFFAIR, FILA KIDS, PRIVE, JACKS PLACE HERITAGE, TIMBERLAND, Soup Restaurant, EXPRESSIONS, Hitoysoshi Izakaya, Gelatissimo, JAPANESE SOBA NOODLES TSUTA, KAM'S ROAST, CONVERSE, FRED PERRY, G-STAR RAW, VIOLET OON SINGAPORE, ONITSUKA TIGER, Tempura Makino, SANKRANTI, THE ORIGINAL VADAI, Subway, My Greatest Child, CUTTOUR, KANE MOCHI, TANUKI RAW, PIZZA MARU, TONKATSU BY MA MAISON, EVISU, AUNTIE ANNE'S SOFT PRETZELS, COTTON ON KIDS, ABURI-EN, Dapur Penyet, THE MINERAL BOUTIQUE, KOI EXPRESS, Miniso, GREENDOT PLUS, JINJJA CHICKEN DINER, DJI, G-SHOCK CASIO, SIFT & PICK AND MARHEN J, Teva, PS CAFE, CHOW ZAN DESSERT, RAY-BAN, Ya Kun Kaya Toast, IMPERIAL TREASURE SUPER PEKING DUCK AND TREASURES YI DIAN XIN, SASA, PAZZION, POP MART, SIMPLY TOYS, CHARLES AND KEITH, Le Petit Society, SATELLITE PARIS, Cinnabon, TRAVELLER WORLD, LIOU&LANS Table 2: Outlets that do not accept Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi Changi Airport Public Area Changi Airport Transit Area Jewel Changi Airport *Retail pushcarts in Terminal 3 Basement 2 are not temporary outposts and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi can be used for purchases at these retail pushcarts. 1,500 Changi Rewards points = $5 e-Voucher FlexiChangi e-Voucher(s) Flexi come in denominations of S$5 Changi e-Voucher(s) / e-Voucher(s) Flexi will expire 1 year from the month of redemption. There is no limit to the number of Changi e-Voucher(s) and e-Voucher(s) Flexi you can redeem. However, the aggregate value of Changi e-Voucher(s) and e-Voucher(s) Flexi held in your Changi Rewards account cannot at any time exceed S$1,000. If you have S$1,000 of Changi e-Voucher(s) and e-Voucher(s) Flexi in your Changi Rewards account, you can only redeem more Changi e-Voucher(s) or e-Voucher(s) Flexi (using your Changi Rewards points) after you have reduced the amount of Changi e-Voucher(s) or e-Voucher(s) Flexi in your account. You can do this by utilizing the Changi e-Voucher(s) and e-Voucher(s) Flexi in your account at any participating outlets. If the crediting of Changi e-Voucher(s) or e-Voucher(s) Flexi will result in there being more than S$1,000 in your Changi Rewards account, CAG shall have the discretion to award any Changi e-Voucher(s) or e-Voucher(s) Flexi won by a Changi Rewards member in other forms such as Changi Rewards points, as may be determined by CAG from time to time. Simply present your Changi Rewards e-Card prior to making payment and inform the respective outlet assistant that you would be using Changi e-Voucher(s) or e-Voucher(s) Flexi to offset your payment. The outlet assistant will then use the e-Voucher(s) or e-Voucher(s) Flexi to offset final payment amount. No, all Changi e-Voucher(s) and e-Voucher(s) Flexi are non-transferable and not exchangeable for cash. No, all Changi e-Voucher(s) and e-Voucher(s) Flexi must be used in their full denomination. E.g. if an item is S$4.90 and a S$5 e-Voucher/e-Voucher Flexi is used, the full S$5 will be expensed. No. Changi e-Voucher(s) and e-Voucher(s) Flexi can only be used when the Changi Rewards e-Card is presented. In the case of a refund in the same month, refunded Changi e-Voucher(s) / e-Voucher(s) Flexi with the original expiry date will be issued. If the crediting of Changi e-Voucher(s) or e-Voucher(s) Flexi will result in there being more than S$1,000 in your Changi Rewards account, CAG shall have the discretion to award any Changi e-Voucher(s) or e-Voucher(s) Flexi won by a Changi Rewards member in other forms such as Changi Rewards points, as may be determined by CAG from time to time. Simply present your Changi Rewards e-Card prior to making payment and inform the respective outlet assistant that you would be using Changi e-Voucher(s) or e-Voucher(s) Flexi to offset your payment. The outlet assistant will then use the e-Voucher(s) or e-Voucher(s) Flexi to offset final payment amount. No, all Changi e-Voucher(s) and e-Voucher(s) Flexi are non-transferable and not exchangeable for cash. No, all Changi e-Voucher(s) and e-Voucher(s) Flexi must be used in their full denomination. E.g. if an item is S$4.90 and a S$5 e-Voucher/e-Voucher Flexi is used, the full S$5 will be expensed. No. Changi e-Voucher(s) and e-Voucher(s) Flexi can only be used when the Changi Rewards e-Card is presented. In the case of a refund in the same month, refunded Changi e-Voucher(s) / e-Voucher(s) Flexi with the original expiry date will be issued. In the case of a refund across different months, the refund will be processed in cash. REWARDS CATALOGUE You may redeem your Changi Rewards points through the Changi App or Changi Rewardswebsite. You will receive a confirmation e-mail upon successful redemption. Please follow the instructions in the e-mail to collect your items.For collection of physical items, you may head down to the Changi Rewards counter located at Terminal 3 Basement 2 from 10am to 10.30pm daily. To authorise another person to collect redeemed items on your behalf, please complete theLetter of Authorisation. Verification checks will be conducted prior to the redemption. Your authorised redemption party will need to bring along the following documents. No cancellation or changes are allowed on the redemption item once you have completed and confirmed the redemption. Yes, you can redeem more than one item as long as you have sufficient Changi Rewards Points, and while stocks last. Each redemption item comes with their set of terms of use. Please refer to the Terms and Conditions before you proceed with your redemption. No, this option is currently not available. No, combination of Changi Rewards points earned in different Programme Years is strictly not allowed. You can link your KrisFlyer membership to your Changi Rewards membership on Changi App. Log in to Changi App, go toAccount>Settings>Membershipsto update your KrisFlyer membership number. You can redeem from a minimum of 1,440 Changi Rewards points for 200 KrisFlyer miles. KrisFlyer miles will be converted in blocks of 200 KrisFlyer miles to the Changi Rewards Cardholder's KrisFlyer membership account only. You can redeem KrisFlyer miles via Rewards Catalogue on your Changi App or Changi Rewards website. You may verify your KrisFlyer miles redemption in your Points Transaction History via Changi App or Changi Rewards website. You will see a KF Miles Redemption line item in your Points Transaction History if the KrisFlyer miles redemption is successful. Upon verifying that your KrisFlyer miles redemption is successful in yourPoints Transaction Historyvia Changi App or Changi Rewards website, there is no further action required on your end. The conversion process for KrisFlyer Miles will take approximately 21 business days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and Public Holidays) to be credited to the Cardholders KrisFlyer account. Please note that urgent requests will not be entertained. CAG will not be liable for any delay in the conversion process. CANCELLATION AND REFUNDS The Changi Rewards points earned from the purchase of the good shall be debited from your account accordingly. If the refund and points debit involve a tier change, you will revert to your previous tier with immediate effect. Your Changi Rewards membership, Changi Account and all other Changi Airport related digital accounts will be terminated. You will no longer be able to use your points, and enjoy all the privileges of the programme. CHANGI ACCOUNT The Changi Account is a digital account service that enables you to connect and transact on Changi Airports digital portals with just one username and password. A Changi Account is created as part of the Changi Rewards membership signup. There are generally no restrictions on eligibility to register for a Changi Account. Enhancements to the Changi Account system will be made progressively to include other Changi Airport digital portals overtime. Your Changi Account is the e-mail address that is entered during the registration process. Upon successful registration, an activation e-mail will be sent to the e-mail address registered as your Changi Account. Please click on the verification link to activate your Changi Account. Yes, you can amend your details by logging in to your Changi Rewards account through the Changi App or Changi Rewardswebsite. Please contact us atenquiry@changiairport.comshould you wish to amend your registered e-mail address and date of birth. Please note that your request will be reviewed and processed on a case-by-case basis. Please contact us vialogin@changiairport.comfor assistance. Please clickhereto reset your password. An e-mail will be sent to your registered Changi Account e-mail address with instructions on how you can reset your password. If you have forgotten your registered Changi Account e-mail address, please contact us atlogin@changiairport.comto reset your Changi Account password. Identity verification checks may be performed for secuirty purposes. We do not recommend that you authorise another person to request for or reset your Changi Account password, as your Changi Account gives you access to data and information which can be confidential. MY DATA AND PRIVACY You may read ourprivacy policyto find out more. SUBSCRIPTION Don't miss out on the latest offers and promotions by subscribing to Changi Rewards! Update your subscription preferences for email, SMS, and app notificationshereon the Changi App. Head to the 'Account' tab, tap the top-right settings icon to access 'Notifications' and manage your subscription preferences hassle-free. CESSATION OF CHANGI REWARDS PHYSICAL CARD Changi Rewards will be going fully digital and contactless by December 2022 to provide you with a safer and more convenient shopping experience at Changi Airport. In line with this, we will be phasing out the use of Changi Rewards physical cards by December 2022. You can download the Changi apphereand use your Changi Rewards e-Card to earn points at all participating stores in Changi Airport, on iShopChangi.com, at Jewel Changi Airport, and on our partners' platforms. Please present your Changi Rewards e-Card and confirmation email to collect your items at Terminal 3 Basement 2 Customer Service counter. You may access your Changi Rewards e-Card in the Changi App. Simply download Changi apphereor directly from Google Play (Android), App Store (iOS) and App Gallery (Huawei). Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Updated as at 2 May 2024 1.1.Programmerefers to Changi Rewards, a customer loyalty programme owned and administered by Changi Airport Group (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Registration Number 200910817N), a company incorporated in Singapore under the Companies Act (Cap. 50) ("CAG"). 1.2.By registering for the Programme (subject to sections 1.5 and 1.6 below) (such registrant referred to asCardholder), it constitutes the Cardholders consent to be bound by the Programmes terms and conditions as set out herein, as may be amended or varied by CAG from time to time (theTerms and Conditions). 1.3.CAG will issue to each Cardholder an e-Card for purpose of the Programme (theChangi Rewards Card). Each Changi Rewards Card carries a unique number. It is the responsibility of the Cardholder to ensure that his Changi Rewards Card is fully registered by providing the information as required to register for the Programme athttps://rewards.changiairport.com/signup.htmland ensure that the information submitted is accurate, current and complete. Upon registering his Changi Rewards Card, the Cardholder will be able to redeem his Changi Rewards points and access his Changi Rewards account online athttps://rewards.changiairport.comor via the Changi App. 1.4.CAG reserves the right to terminate or amend the Programme at any time at its sole discretion. 1.5.Subject to section 1.6. below, the Programme is open to all individuals for free enrolment except employees of appointed contractors or vendors who are directly involved in the Programme (such agencies as determined by CAG from time to time) and their immediate family members. Immediate family members refer to spouse, children, parents, parents-in-law and siblings. Applicants must be 16 years and above at the point of registering for the Programme. 1.6.Only individuals can register for membership for the Programme, and each individual is allowed to have only one registered Changi Rewards account. No corporations, trusts, partnerships or other legal entities can be enrolled as members of the Programme. CAG reserves the right to close a Cardholders Changi Rewards account automatically and/or forfeit any Changi Rewards points, entitlements and rewards in respect of a Cardholders Changi Rewards account if (i) no Changi Rewards points are credited or redeemed for a continuous period of five (5) years; or (ii) that Cardholder is found to have more than one Changi Rewards Card registered in his name; or (iii) as result of CAGs investigations, CAG believes that the Changi Rewards account is not being operated in accordance with the Terms and Conditions; or (iv) registration of the Changi Rewards Card is not completed within a period of two (2) years from the first transaction on that Changi Rewards Card, following which the Changi Rewards Card will be deemed an unregistered card and any and all earned Changi Rewards points, entitlements and rewards will be automatically forfeited. 1.7.Without limitation to any other rights or remedies that CAG may have under law, CAG may do any one or more of the following if CAG suspects or determines that a Cardholder (whether alone or with others) has engaged in fraudulent or unauthorized activity in connection with his Changi Rewards account and/or Changi Rewards Card (such Cardholder referred to as Fraudulent Cardholder, and such activity referred to asFraud Action):- (a) suspend or terminate the Fraudulent Cardholders Changi Rewards account and Changi Rewards Card; (b) claw back all Changi Rewards points, entitlements and rewards issued by CAG in connection with the Fraud Action; and/or (c) file a police report for that Fraud Action. The Cardholder shall indemnify CAG against all costs, claims, losses or damage of whatsoever nature suffered or incurred by CAG arising out of or in connection with the Fraud Action. 1.8.If any Cardholder terminates his Changi Rewards membership at any time, for any reason, all unused Changi Rewards points shall automatically be cancelled immediately and no longer be available for use by the Cardholder. 1.9.CAG may, at its sole and absolute discretion and without prior notice, (i) modify, suspend or terminate the Programme; and/or (ii) modify, amend and/or vary these Terms and Conditions in such manner as CAG deems fit from time to time. CAG may notify Cardholders of change(s) in the Terms and Conditions by publishing such changes via the website athttps://rewards.changiairport.com/terms-and-conditions.html, via email or by such other means of communication as CAG may determine in its absolute discretion, from time to time. Any changes in the Terms and Conditions shall be effective from the date of publishing the revised Terms and Conditions in the foregoing manner. 1.10.Subject to compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, CAG may disclose information regarding any Cardholder to any third party under a duty of confidentiality for the purposes of operating the Programme or any promotion hereunder. 1.11.CAG's decision on all matters and disputes concerning the Programme shall be final and binding on all Cardholders. 1.12.CAG shall have the absolute discretion to use agents, contractors or correspondents to administer and/or implement the Programme and CAG shall not be liable to any Cardholder or individual for any act, omission or neglect on the part of such agents, contractors or correspondents. 1.13.All Changi Rewards points have no monetary value and can only be earned, redeemed or utilised in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. Any other use, including but not limited to the sale, trade, transfer or exchange of Changi Reward points are strictly not allowed and will result in the forfeiture of the points in question, cancellation of rewards or immediate termination of Changi Rewards membership without prejudice to any rights or remedies available to CAG at law or in contract. 1.14.CAG reserves the right to terminate the membership of any Cardholder at any time at its sole discretion without compensation. The Programme membership shall end automatically upon the death of the relevant Cardholder and all unredeemed Changi Rewards points shall be forfeited. 1.15.By registering for this Programme, the Cardholder consents to CAG communicating to him the benefits and entitlements of his Programme membership via the email address and mobile number registered to his Changi Rewards account (Membership Updates). If the Cardholder opted in to receive exclusive deals, offers, promotions and events from Changi Rewards, that Cardholder also consents to receiving communications informing him about exclusive deals, promotional offers and events invitations, via the email address and mobile number registered to his Changi Rewards account ("Membership Offers"). The Cardholder may unsubscribe from Membership Offers anytime by updating his subscription preferences in his Changi Rewards account or clicking on the Unsubscribe link at the footer of any Membership Offers. Please note that the Cardholder will continue to receive necessary transactional and service announcements (e.g. account statements and amendments to the Terms and Conditions) and Membership Updates even if he opted out of Membership Offers. If the Cardholder writes in to CAG to withdraw his consent to Membership Updates, CAG will not be liable to that Cardholder if he is not notified of the Programme benefits and entitlements. 2.1These Terms and Conditions will be subject to theChangi Account Terms and Conditions, which will form part of the contract between the Cardholder and CAG. 3.1.The Changi Rewards Card is non-transferable and the use thereof is solely restricted to the individual to whom and in whose name the Changi Rewards Card is issued to and for use strictly for purpose of the Programme only. 3.2.Each Cardholder shall at all times hold one Changi Rewards Card only. 3.3.The Changi Rewards Card is a privilege card and it must be presented prior to all purchases in order to be entitled to the benefits conferred by the use of the Changi Rewards Card. 3.4.Cardholders may contact CAG for questions regarding their transaction history or any correction, or dispute on any transaction or correction that has been assessed against their Changi Rewards Card. CAG will conduct an investigation and communicate the results to the Cardholder and correct any error (if applicable). 3.5.It is the responsibility of Cardholders to keep CAG updated with their latest mailing address, email address, mobile number and/or other communication preferences. CAG is not liable for any misdirected materials sent to Cardholders mailing address, email address, mobile number and other communication preferences on record, or any consequences thereof. 3.6.If a Cardholders physical Changi Rewards card is lost, damaged, or destroyed, Changi Rewards will not replace that card. The Cardholder would have to sign up for a Changi Rewards e-Card viahttps://rewards.changiairport.com/signup.html, and also contactenquiry@changiairport.comto transfer all existing and valid Changi Rewards points in respect of the Cardholder's physical Changi Rewards card to the new Changi Rewards e-Card. 3.7.Cardholders shall be liable for any unauthorised use of their Changi Rewards Card and shall indemnify CAG against any claims, losses or damage of whatsoever nature arising out of or in connection with any unauthorised use of the Changi Rewards Card. 3.8.For Cardholders requesting a name change to the Changi Rewards Card, proper legal documentation (as may be requested by CAG) is required. 3.9.Each Changi Rewards Card shall at all times remain the property of CAG and the relevant Cardholder shall cease to use his Changi Rewards Card immediately when his Programme membership is terminated or suspended. 3.10.Statements of accounts are available to the Cardholder online when he logs into his Changi Rewards account athttps://login.changiairport., at Track Your Points or via the Changi App. Each statement will show the number of Changi Rewards points earned and redeemed for the past 12 months. The total number of unredeemed Changi Rewards points outstanding and available as at that date will also be reflected with the corresponding expiry date. 3.11.Use of Changi Rewards Card for GST Absorption when Shopping at Singapore Changi Airport (Changi Airport) Public Areas 3.11.1. With effect from 1 Jan 2024, only registered Changi Rewards Card holders will enjoy9% GST absorptionfor their purchases when they shop at participating retail outlets located at Changi Airport's public areas. 3.11.2. A registered Cardholder refers to a Cardholder who has registered his Changi Rewards Card with the following mandatory personal particulars and has agreed to the Programmes terms and conditions via the Changi Rewards website a) First Name and Last Name; b) Date of birth; c) Country of residence; d) Mobile number; and e) Email address 3.12.Cardholders must present their Changi Rewards Card prior to making payment for their purchases to be entitled to9% GST absorptionfor their purchases made at participating outlets. 3.13.Participating retail outlets of the GST absorption programme are listedhere(latest as of Dec 2023, may be updated by CAG from time to time). 4.1.Changi Rewards points shall be awarded to Cardholders based on the Nett Spend amount shown on each receipt for qualifying purchases at all participating retailers on a per receipt basis (up to a maximum Nett Spend amount of $5,000 per receipt, except for Monarch tier Cardholders with no cap on the maximum nett spend amount per receipt), subject to these Terms and Conditions. Please see section 4.8 for the list of non-participating retailers at Changi Airport main terminals. Please also seeJewel Double Rewardsfor the list of non-participating outlets in Jewel Changi Airport. 4.2.With a minimum Nett Spend of S$10 in a single receipt, eligible Cardholders will be awarded with Changi Rewards points based on the following earn rate: a) Member tier Cardholders will earn 10 points for every block of S$10 Nett Spend in a single receipt; b) Gold tier Cardholders will earn 20 points for every block of S$10 Nett Spend in a single receipt; and c) Platinum tier Cardholders will earn 60 points for every block of S$10 Nett Spend in a single receipt; d)Monarch tier Cardholders will earn 80 points for every block of S$10 Nett Spend in a single receipt. 4.2AWhere the Nett Spend amount in a single receipt is more than S$5,000, the maximum number of Changi Rewards points that will be awarded to eligible Cardholders is as follows: a) Member tier Cardholders 5,000 points; b) Gold tier Cardholders 10,000 points; and c) Platinum tier Cardholders 30,000 points. For Monarch tier Cardholders there is no cap on the number of Changi Rewards points. 4.3.Nett Spend refers to the final payment amount as calculated according to Section 4.4 below and rounded down to the nearest S$1. For the purposes of illustration: a) A Gold tier Cardholder with a Nett Spend of S$38 in a single receipt will be entitled to 60 Changi Reward points (i.e. receipt amount rounded down to nearest S$10 block and multiplied by the Gold tier earn rate of 20 points per S$10 Nett Spend); and b) A Member tier Cardholder with a Nett Spend of S$71 in a single receipt will be entitled to 70 Changi Reward points (i.e. receipt amount rounded down to nearest S$10 block and multiplied by the entry tier earn rate of 10 points per S$10 Nett Spend). 4.4.In calculating the Nett Spend, all discounts given and amounts paid using vouchers (including, but not limited to, Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi) shall be excluded, i.e. such amounts are to be excluded when calculating the total qualifying spend in a single receipt. Nett Spend excludes spend at non-participating outlets as well as temporary event and short-term leased outposts. 4.5.In the event of a dispute arising out of or in connection with the transactions made with the Changi Rewards Card under the Programme, the transaction records of CAG relating to the Programme shall be deemed conclusive and binding on the Cardholder. The Changi Rewards Card must be presented at the point of sale in order for the Changi Rewards points to be awarded to the Cardholder and issued to the relevant Changi Rewards account. No Changi Rewards points will be awarded in respect of any amount paid using Changi e-Voucher(s), in-store vouchers, or any other promotional vouchers. Retrospective claims of Changi Rewards points in respect of prior purchases will not be entertained. 4.6.A Cardholder may earn Changi Rewards points only in relation to transactions which are entered into by him. Cardholders are not entitled to collect points on transactions entered into by any other individual, including but not limited to family members, friends, acquaintances or business colleagues. Cardholders are not entitled to claim or collect points on transactions entered into prior to the date of their enrollment in the Programme. 4.7.In the event that: (i) the Changi Rewards machine is not working in the relevant outlet at the time of transaction; or (ii) Cardholders forget to present their Changi Rewards Card at the time of transaction, CAG may, as a discretionary gesture of goodwill, credit Changi Rewards points to the subject Cardholders if the relevant receipts for qualifying transactions are sent to Changi Rewards through the Contact Uswebformor chat with MAX. Such receipt(s) must be in good condition and not more than 7 days old as at the date CAG receives such receipts. Changi Rewards points will only be credited for retrospective claims made by registered Cardholders at the point of transaction. CAG reserves the right at its sole discretion to decline to credit Changi Rewards points for transactions in this manner if CAG has reasonable grounds for believing that one or more of the claims being submitted is either fraudulent or not in compliance with these Terms and Conditions, and in all circumstances CAGs decision shall be final. 4.8.Changi Rewards points will not be awarded for charges arising from banks, money changing facilities, top up cards facilities and purchases (including cards sold by tenants with cash top-up capabilities such as food court top up card, gift card, cash card, phone card, etc.), postal and postage services, medical services, bank/airline lounges, transit hotels, hotel reservations, telecommunication services, car rental services, airport shuttle and transportation services, passenger meeting services, left luggage services, tour and travel services, dry-cleaning services, temporary event and short-term leased outposts, and such other items or services as may be determined by CAG from time to time. Changi Rewards points will also not be awarded for any tobacco products purchased at any participating outlets in Changi Airport. Refer toJewel Double Rewardsfor the list of non-participating outlets in Jewel Changi Airport. 4.9.The Changi Rewards points awarded to and redeemed by a Cardholder will be stated in the Changi Rewards Card transaction receipt of the Cardholder, and may be corrected or revised by CAG at any time to correct any errors in the computation of Changi Rewards points. 4.10.In the event where the purchases were made without the requisite Changi Rewards points being credited to the relevant Cardholder, such Cardholder shall (if intending to claim the relevant Changi Reward points) furnish the necessary proof of purchase (i.e. receipts). CAG will, at its sole and absolute discretion, accept or reject any such claims. 4.11.Changi Rewards points earned cannot be transferred to any other Changi Rewards Card(s)/ Cardholder(s), or to any third party, and are not exchangeable for any form of cash or credit. 4.12.Changi Rewards points can only be awarded for the Cardholder's own purchases. If any Cardholder is found using receipts other than his own purchases to accumulate points, CAG reserves the right to terminate the use of that Cardholders Changi Rewards Card. 4.13.CAG may, at its sole and absolute discretion, increase or decrease the rate of Changi Rewards points to be awarded for selected purchases or transactions. The Cardholder shall not be entitled to request from CAG any explanation pertaining to the calculation methods (for crediting Changi Rewards points) or other matters relating to Changi Rewards points or discounts for whatsoever purposes. 4.14.CAG may, at its absolute discretion, suspend the calculation and accrual of Changi Rewards points and rectify any error in any calculations pertaining to the calculation and accrual of Changi Rewards points. 4.15.Each Cardholder is allowed a maximum grace period of 7 days (from the time the Changi Rewards points are first credited) to make an inquiry with CAG pertaining to the quantum of Changi Rewards points awarded. 5.1.Changi Rewards points may be used only by the Cardholder to whom the Changi Rewards points were awarded, to: 5.1.1.Redeem for Changi e-Voucher(s) and or Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi; 5.1.2. Redeem for items in the Changi Rewards Online Redemption Catalogue (Online Redemption Catalogue); 5.1.3. Convert to Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer miles; and/or 5.1.4 Convert to SGD-value to offset that Cardholders purchases made onwww.iShopChangi.com. For the avoidance of doubt, Changi Rewards points that are used as above are accepted by, and redeemed with, CAG, and not by any other party. Changi Rewards points used, converted and/or redeemed under these Terms and Conditions shall not be refundable in any circumstances (unless otherwise permitted by CAG at its sole and absolute discretion). 5.2.Changi Rewards points are available for redemption after seven (7) calendar days from the time they were first earned on a purchase transaction. 5.3.The use and/or conversion of Changi Rewards points may be subject to further terms and conditions or restrictions as CAG may impose from time to time. 5.4Changi Rewards points are valid for redemption from the date of issuance to a Cardholders Changi Rewards account until the end of the last day of the 12th Month. The 12th Month refers to the month which is 12 months from the date of issuance of the Changi Rewards points. For example, Changi Rewards points issued on 23 June 2024 are valid until 30 June 2025. Changi Rewards points not redeemed by the end of the last day of the 12th Month will expire automatically. Requests for an extension of the validity period of Changi Rewards points will not be entertained. 5.5.CAG may at any time and without notice alter the number of Changi Rewards points required for redemption/ conversion for items under Section 5.1 above. 5.6. Use of Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi 5.6.1. Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi refers to the digital version of a cash voucher that Cardholders may use their Changi Rewards points to redeem for, and use at all participating Changi Airport outlets (for Changi e-Voucher(s)) and participating Jewel Changi Airport outlets (for Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi) to offset a purchase at the point-of-sale (POS). Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi that are issued will be electronically stored in the Cardholders Changi Rewards account. Each Changi e-Voucher and Changi e-Voucher Flexi carries a unique serial number and can be tracked by the Cardholder through the Programme membership portal. Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi cannot be altered, reversed or cancelled once it has been issued. 5.6.2. Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi are non-transferrable and can only be used by the Cardholder whom such Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi were issued to. The Cardholder must present his Changi Rewards Card to utilise the Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi for any transaction. 5.6.3. Each Changi e-Voucher and Changi e-Voucher Flexi has a validity period of 12 months from the month of issuance. All Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi issued must be utilised no later than the stipulated expiry date. No extensions, refunds, payments, replacements, or exchanges shall be permitted or entertained. All un-utilised Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi will be forfeited upon expiry. CAG shall not be liable for and will not extend the validity of any expired Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi. 5.6.4. Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi may be used to pay for or obtain goods and/or services of  merchants (both retail and food & beverage outlets) at Changi Airport (Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi) and/or Jewel Changi Airport (for Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi) (such merchant referred to as "Merchant"), except for (i) payment to purchase any tobacco products at Changi Airport and Jewel Changi Airport; (ii) payment for purchases on "iShopChangi"; and (iii) the following outlets listed in Table 1 and non-participating outlets in Jewel Changi Airport below: TABLE 1: Exclusion List for Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi Changi AirportPublic Area (Landside) Changi Airport Transit Area (Airside) Jewel Changi Airport Banks Airline Lounges Apple Store Boarding Gate Airport Wellness Oasis Banks / ATMs / Money Changers / Financial Services Car Rental Counters Be Relax Car rental services, airport shuttle and transportation counters CARs International Changi Recommends Cash Card / Stored Value Cards Top Up transactions Changi Recommends Convenience Stores(Cheers and 7-Eleven) Changi Experience Studio Tickets Convenience Stores(Cheers and 7-Eleven) Fast Food(McDonald's) Changi Gift Shop Crowne Plaza Hotel Hermes Jewel Attraction Tickets Dry Cleaning Services Left Baggage Counters Lounges, passenger meeting services counters, left luggage service counters, tour and travel services Fast Food (McDonald's, Terminal 1 Burger King) Medical Services Online purchases Ground Transport Services Money-Changing Counters Purchase of vouchers e.g. Jewel vouchers, eCapitaVouchers Hotel Reservation Counters Postage Services Temporary vendors at promotional spaces e.g. Jewel Atrium, Cloud9 Piazza and pop-up stores Kopitiam Shower & Spa Services Tobacco products Medical Services Temporary Retail Outposts YOTELAIR Singapore Changi Airport MindChamps PreSchool Transit Hotels Money-Changing Counters Dior Passenger Meeting Services Counters iShopChangi Pop-Up (Terminal 2) Pay-Per-Use Lounge(e.g. The Haven by JetQuay) Play! by KinderPlay Postage Services Staff Canteens and Taxi Canteens Supermarkets (NTUC outlets, Cold Storage outlets) Temporary Retail Outposts Top-up Card Machines and Services (e.g. Coffee Bean card, cash cards, Zone X etc.) Participating outlets in Jewel Changi Airport for Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi: MUJI, URBAN REVIVO, TSUI WAH, THE SHIRT BAR, UNIQLO, Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf, DUNKIN' DONUTS, GOCHI-SO SHOKUDO, YUN NANS, MOTHERCARE, BOOST JUICE BARS, BENGAWAN SOLO, OSIM, OWNDAYS, TONITO, KKO KKO NARA, CROCS, OGAWA A.I.SLAND, PARIS BAGUETTE, A&W, THE ALLEY, SF Fruits, WA-EN YAKINIKU, BEAUTY IN THE POT, Samsonite, LAC Nutrition for Life, Beautique by iShopChangi, ECCO, SONG FA BAK KUT TEH, OWELL BODYCARE, NY Char Grill, PICOTA NAIL SPA, CHOW TAI FOOK, O'COFFEE CLUB ROASTERY, TOAST BOX and THYE MOH CHAN, BEE CHENG HIANG, DESIGUAL, L'ECLAIR PATISSERIE, PARADISE CLASSIC AND LENU, PEDRO, CHICHA SAN CHEN, Lenskart, TOKYO MILKCHEESE AND COW COW KITCHEN, TONG GARDEN, Jollibean, BOARDING GATE, JEWEL ATTRACTIONS, ASIAN ARTISTRY FINE JEWELLERY, The Tinsel Rack, TAPAS CLUB SPANISH RESTAURANT, NEW BALANCE, SUSHI TEI, SK Jewellery, BURGER and LOBSTER, FOOD REPUBLIC, SO PHO, Kei Kaisendon, BOTTLES and BOTTLES, Monster Curry, HOT TOMATO CAFE & GRILL, BAKERY CUISINE ONE, ITACHO SUSHI, SANOOK KITCHEN, ANDERSEN'S OF DENMARK, SHIKI HOTOTOGITSU RAMEN, COU COU, EU YAN SANG, STARBUCKS, LADY M, AROMA TRUFFLE, Sun Paradise, SUSHIRO, SKECHERS, TIM HO WAN, % ARABICA, LADERACH SWISS SUISSE, EL FUEGO BY COLLINS, POKEMON CENTER SINGAPORE, Hands, Paul, OLD CHANG KEE, DIAN XIAO ER, PUTIEN, ARTEASTIQ, MOS BURGER, WHITE RESTAURANT, EUREKA POPCORN, FUN TOAST, Hurley, YOLE, AN ACAI AFFAIR, FILA KIDS, PRIVE, JACKS PLACE HERITAGE, TIMBERLAND, Soup Restaurant, EXPRESSIONS, Hitoysoshi Izakaya, Gelatissimo, JAPANESE SOBA NOODLES TSUTA, KAM'S ROAST, CONVERSE, FRED PERRY, G-STAR RAW, VIOLET OON SINGAPORE, ONITSUKA TIGER, Tempura Makino, SANKRANTI, THE ORIGINAL VADAI, Subway, My Greatest Child, CUTTOUR, KANE MOCHI, TANUKI RAW, PIZZA MARU, TONKATSU BY MA MAISON, EVISU, AUNTIE ANNE'S SOFT PRETZELS, COTTON ON KIDS, ABURI-EN, Dapur Penyet, THE MINERAL BOUTIQUE, KOI EXPRESS, Miniso, GREENDOT PLUS, JINJJA CHICKEN DINER, DJI, G-SHOCK CASIO, SIFT & PICK AND MARHEN J, Teva, PS CAFE, CHOW ZAN DESSERT, RAY-BAN, Ya Kun Kaya Toast, IMPERIAL TREASURE SUPER PEKING DUCK AND TREASURES YI DIAN XIN, SASA, PAZZION, POP MART, SIMPLY TOYS, CHARLES AND KEITH, Le Petit Society, SATELLITE PARIS, Cinnabon, TRAVELLER WORLD, LIOU&LANS 5.6.5. All Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi are denominated in Singapore dollars. Multiple Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi under the same Cardholder may be utilised in the redemption of any purchase at the same visit. 5.6.6. Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi may be combined with other modes of payment (including but not limited to cash, credit card, debit card, Changi Dollar Vouchers) accepted by the Merchants. However, they may not be combined with Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi under a different Cardholder for payment in a single transaction. No refund shall be given if the value of the Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi exceeds the value of the goods or services paid for in a purchase. 5.6.7. The Changi Rewards Card must be presented if the Cardholder is seeking refunds from the Merchant for purchases made at the outlet using the Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi. In such cases where the Merchant makes a refund for a purchase made within the same calendar month, any Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi previously used in the relevant transaction will be re-issued to the Cardholder with an expiry date of that of the original Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi (as the case may be). 5.6.8. The stored value of the Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi (or any part thereof, including any unutilised portion) (i) is not refundable in any currency; and (ii) cannot be withdrawn in exchange for any currency. 5.6.9. Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi cannot be exchanged for any form of cash and/or credit. 5.6.10. All transactions in which Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi are used to purchase goods/services are transactions between the relevant Cardholder and Merchant, and CAG shall not be liable or responsible whatsoever for the acts or default of any Merchant (including the failure of the Merchant to honour any Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi or in respect of any defect or deficiency in the goods or services for which the Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi is redeemed). CAG is not an agent or representative of the Merchant. 5.7. Redemption of Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi with Changi Rewards points 5.7.1. The Cardholder may redeem the Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi through electronic methods as determined by CAG from time to time, subject always to the following: the Cardholder is required to log in to his Changi Rewards account to make a selection from the Rewards Catalogue to redeem his Changi Rewards points for the corresponding value of Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi. 5.7.2. Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi are issued in a standard denomination of $5, at the following conversion rate: Every 1,000 Changi Rewards points = $5 Changi e-Voucher. Every 1,500 Changi Rewards points = $5 Changi e-Voucher Flexi. 5.7.3. If any of the Changi Rewards points used by the Cardholder to redeem Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi are, after the Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi are issued, cancelled pursuant to any revision or correction by CAG, a commensurate number of Changi Rewards points shall be deducted from the Cardholder's remaining Changi Rewards points by CAG without further notice to the Cardholder. 5.7.4. The use and/or conversion of Changi Rewards points to Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi may be subject to further terms and conditions or restrictions as CAG may impose from time to time. 5.8. Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Miles 5.8.1. Participation in Changi Rewards Points Conversion to Air Miles KrisFlyer miles is subject to the terms and conditions of KrisFlyer, Singapore Airlines Limiteds (Singapore Airlines) Frequent Flyer Programme and these Terms and Conditions. 5.8.2. Cardholders may convert their Changi Rewards points to KrisFlyer miles either on an ad-hoc basis (as set out at section 5.9.1, and also referred to below as "Flexi-Conversion") or by registering for an auto-conversion service (applicable to Platinum Tier Cardholders only) whereby their Changi Rewards points will be automatically converted to KrisFlyer miles on a daily basis (or at such other frequency as determined by CAG) upon successful registration (as set out at section 5.9.2, and also referred to below as "Auto-Conversion"). 5.8.3. Conversion of Changi Rewards Points to KrisFlyer miles is not available to Changi Rewards Cardholders who are resident in the European Union, the United Kingdom, the Peoples Republic of China or in California. Should CAG become aware that a Changi Rewards Cardholder is resident in the European Union, the United Kingdom, the Peoples Republic of China or in California, CAG reserves its rights to cancel or reverse any conversion or Changi Rewards Points to Krisflyer miles. 5.8.4. Cardholders must be enrolled in Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Frequent Flyer Programme before initiating a request for conversion of Changi Rewards points to KrisFlyer miles. 5.8.5. Cardholder may convert his/her Changi Rewards points to KrisFlyer miles strictly for crediting into the KrisFlyer membership account in said Cardholder's name. KrisFlyer miles converted from the Changi Rewards Points of a Cardholder are not allowed to be transferred to any other KrisFlyer membership except to that of the same Cardholder. For the avoidance of doubt, CAG and SIA reserve the right to reverse or reject any Conversion where KrisFlyer Miles are not credited to a Cardholder's own KrisFlyer membership account, whether such crediting was due to an error, technical fault or otherwise, without the need to seek consent from said Cardholder. Each Conversion shall be made in accordance with the Changi Rewards T&Cs. 5.8.6. It is the responsibility of the Cardholder to provide an accurate and valid KrisFlyer membership member belonging to him. 5.8.7. The conversion process for KrisFlyer Miles to be credited to the Cardholders KrisFlyer account is approximately 21 business days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and Public Holidays) and no urgent request will be entertained. Enquiries that fall within this waiting period will not be entertained. Notwithstanding anything stated herein, CAG will not be liable for any delay in the conversion process for any reason whatsoever. 5.8.8. Once a Cardholder has initiated the conversion request, the request cannot be cancelled, reversed, transferred to another participating airlines frequent flyer programme, or exchanged for cash, credit, services or other items. 5.8.9. Notwithstanding any other provisions herein, CAG is entitled to, at its discretion, recover any KrisFlyer Miles credited into Cardholders frequent flyer membership account, where applicable, should there be any subsequent transaction reversals, resulting in Changi Rewards points being owed to CAG. 5.8.10. CAG shall not be responsible for any fraudulent, irregular or unsuccessful conversions. In the case where there is an unsuccessful conversion, CAG may reinstate the Changi Rewards points to the Cardholder, where appropriate. 5.8.11. CAG will not be responsible for any unsuccessful conversion resulting from the actions of Singapore Airlines in connection with but not limited to KrisFlyer, Singapore Airlines Frequent Flyer Programme. 5.8.12. CAG shall not be responsible for the Cardholders KrisFlyer Miles which have been successfully converted or for the subsequent actions of the participating airlines in connection with the frequent flyer programme. 5.8.13. Each Cardholder is responsible for providing the correct and valid Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer membership account number bearing his own name. Singapore Airlines may change its programme terms and conditions including regulations, policies, benefits, conditions of participating or mileage levels, in whole or in part at any time with or without notice, even though such changes may affect the value of the mileage already accumulated. 5.8.14. Use of KrisFlyer miles after conversion will be governed by the terms and conditions of the KrisFlyer programme. Changi Rewards points converted to KrisFlyer miles will no longer be a liability of CAG and will not be governed under these Terms and Conditions. 5.8.15. For the avoidance of doubt, all redemption and conversion of Changi Rewards points under this Section 5.8 are carried out and processed by CAG, and the Changi Rewards points are not accepted by Singapore Airlines Limited as payment for goods and/or services. 5.9. Conversion 5.9.1. Flexi-Conversion 5.9.1.1. All Cardholders may convert their Changi Rewards points to KrisFlyer miles on an ad-hoc basis ("Flexi-Conversion"), by logging in to his Changi Rewards account. 5.9.1.2. For Flexi-Conversion, all Cardholders may convert his Changi Rewards points to Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer miles (KrisFlyer Miles), at the conversion rate of 1,440 Changi Rewards points to 200 KrisFlyer Miles, subject to a cap of 30,000 KrisFlyer Miles per Cardholder per calendar year, or such other rate and/or cap as CAG may specify from time to time. 5.9.1.3. KrisFlyer Miles will be converted in blocks of 200 KrisFlyer Miles to the Cardholders KrisFlyer membership account only. For the avoidance of doubt, transfers to another individuals membership account are not allowed. 5.9.2. Auto-Conversion(temporarily paused from 1 May 2022) 5.9.2.1. All Changi Rewards Platinum Cardholders have the additional option to automatically convert their Changi Rewards points to KrisFlyer Miles on a daily basis (or at such other frequency as determined by CAG) ("Auto-Conversion") upon successful registration of the Auto-Conversion service. 5.9.2.2. For Auto-Conversion, Changi Rewards points will be automatically converted to KrisFlyer Miles on a daily basis, at the conversion rate of 1,440 Changi Rewards points to 200 KrisFlyer Miles, subject to a cap of 30,000 KrisFlyer Miles per Cardholder per calendar year, or such other rate and/or cap as CAG may specify from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, transfer to another individuals membership account is not allowed. 5.9.2.3. No conversion will take place if there are insufficient Changi Rewards points in the Changi Rewards Platinum Cardholders account. 5.9.2.4. Once registered for the Auto-Conversion service, the Changi Rewards Platinum Cardholder may cancel the said service anytime. To cancel the Auto-Conversion service, the Changi Rewards Platinum Cardholder must log in to his Changi Rewards account. Cancellation for an existing Auto-Conversion service takes up to 3 working days. 5.9.2.5. Once registered for the Auto-Conversion service, the Changi Rewards Platinum Cardholder may still choose to redeem his or her Changi Rewards points for other items on the Online Redemption Catalogue, so long as there are sufficient points available for redemption. 5.9.2.6. In the event a Changi Rewards Platinum Cardholder is downgraded to Gold or Member Tier, the Auto-Conversion will be automatically cancelled, and that Cardholder will need to select Flexi-Conversion if he or she wishes to convert Changi Rewards points to KrisFlyer Miles. 5.9.3 For the avoidance of doubt, all redemption and conversion of Changi Rewards points under this Section 5.9 are carried out and processed by CAG, and the Changi Rewards points are not accepted by Singapore Airlines Limited as payment for goods and/or services. 5.10.Changi Rewards Online Redemption Catalogue 5.10.1. All registered Cardholders are eligible to redeem rewards from the Online Redemption Catalogue. 5.10.2. Eligible Cardholders must have sufficient Changi Rewards points in his Changi Rewards account at the point of redemption. Cardholders may log in to his Changi Rewards account to check on his Changi Rewards points available before proceeding to redeem any rewards from the Online Redemption Catalogue (Rewards Items). 5.10.3. Cardholders can view their redeemed Rewards Item(s) within Perks in the Accounts tab in Changi App. The terms and conditions, and how-to-use instructions, for each Reward Item will be listed within the Reward Items details. No confirmation email will be sent to the Cardholder for any redemption. 5.10.4. Once a Cardholder has completed the redemption process, the redemption cannot be cancelled, changed, or exchanged for cash, credit, services or other items. 5.10.5. Rewards Items are subject to the following additional terms and conditions: 5.10.5.1. Changi e-Voucher(s) and Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi. Refer to sections 5.6 and 5.7 of these Terms and Conditions; 5.10.5.2. the terms and conditions applicable to the relevant Changi Rewards Exclusive Premiums (as set out in the Rewards Catalogue). 5.10.6. To authorise another individual to collect redeemed Rewards Items on the Cardholders behalf , that Cardholder must complete the Letter of Authorisation (clickhereto download the Letter of Authorisation) and the Cardholders authorised representative will need to bring along the following documents. Verification checks will be conducted prior to the redemption and collection: 5.10.6.1. Letter of Authorisation, duly signed by Cardholder; and 5.10.6.2. Copy of Cardholder's Changi Rewards Card. 5.10.7. All items that have been redeemed by the Cardholders are not refundable and not exchangeable for cash, Changi Rewards points or another Rewards Item. 5.10.8. Attraction(s) Pass(es) 5.10.8.1. By redeeming any Attraction(s) Pass(es) (which may be issued in the form of e-Voucher(s)), it constitutes the Cardholders agreement to the relevant terms of use of the relevant Attraction(s) Pass(es) (as set out on the e-Vouchers or the Attraction(s) Pass(es)). 5.10.8.2. Validity of the Attraction(s) Pass(es) varies. Attraction(s) Pass(es) must be utilized within the specified validity period. There will not be any extension of the validity period for redeemed Attraction(s) Pass(es). 5.10.8.3. All Attraction(s) Pass(es) that have been redeemed by the Cardholders are not refundable and not exchangeable for cash, Changi Rewards points or another Rewards Item (includes other Attraction(s) Pass(es)). 5.10.8.4. CAG shall not be responsible for the Cardholders redemption of Attraction(s) Pass(es) which have been successfully redeemed or for the subsequent actions of the Merchant in connection with redemption from the Online Redemption Catalogue. 5.10.9. In the event of any dispute with regards to any matter pertaining to the Online Redemption Catalogue, all decisions made by CAG shall be final and conclusive. 6.1.All Cardholders are required to link their Changi Rewards Card to their iShopChangi account to be eligible to redeem their Changi Rewards points and convert them to SGD-value to offset purchases made onwww.iShopChangi.com(iSC Orders). For the avoidance of doubt, such redemption and conversion of Changi Rewards points is carried out and processed by CAG, and the Changi Rewards points are not accepted by the Retailers (as defined in the iShopChangi terms and conditions (iSC T&Cs)) as payment for goods and/or services. 6.2. Redemptions of Changi Rewards points are available in denominations of 200 points, with a minimum of 1,000 points. 6.3.There shall be no refund of Changi Rewards points once such points have been redeemed and converted to SGD-value to offset an iSC Order. If the customer redeems and converts his Changi Rewards points to SGD-value to offset his iSC Order and subsequently requests for a refund of that iSC Order in accordance with the iSC T&Cs, CAG will issue to that customer an iShopChangi promo code (with a 3 months validity from the date of issuance) for the Changi Rewards points that were redeemed and converted to SGD-value to offset that iSC Order. Such iShopChangi promo code issued is not transferable and is not exchangeable for any form of cash or credit. 7.1.The Programme offers four tiers of membership: (i) Member; (ii) Gold; (ii) Platinum and (iv) Monarch. 7.2.All Cardholders, upon enrolment in the Programme, are granted Member tier status. 7.3.There is no minimum Nett Spend requirement to retain Member tier status in the Programme. 7.4. (a) Depending on the Nett Spend accumulated by a Cardholder on qualifying purchases on iShopChangi and at participating outlets at Changi Airport and Jewel Changi Airport, over the Assessment Period (as defined below)(Accumulated Nett Spend), that Cardholder may either requalify for the current membership tier, be moved to a lower tier status or be upgraded to a higher tier status based on the amount of Accumulated Nett Spend requirements for the various membership tiers set out at section 7.5 below. (b) The Accumulated Nett Spend is to be calculated based on the cumulative Nett Spend of a Cardholder on qualifying purchases on iShopChangi and at participating outlets at Changi Airport and Jewel Changi Airport, for a period of 365 days (or 366 days in leap years) (Assessment Period) (eg. from 5 January 2024 to 4 January 2025) beginning from: (i) (in the case of a new Cardholder) the date of his enrolment in the Changi Rewards Programme (Membership Start Date); (ii) (where the Cardholder referred to in Section 7.4(b)(i) above did not qualify for any upgrade in tier status during the preceding twelve calendar month period) the anniversary of his Membership Start date; (iii) (in the case of a Cardholder who qualified for an upgrade in tier status, except for the upgrade to the Monarch tier) the date of his qualification for such upgrade; (iv) (where the Cardholder referred to in Section 7.4(b)(iii) above re-qualified at the same tier) the start date of his re-qualification; (v) (in the case of a Cardholder who qualified for an upgrade to the Monarch tier) the commencement date of the upgrade as communicated by CAG pursuant to Section 7.6(c) below; or (vi) (in the case of a Cardholder whose upgraded tier status has expired) the date immediately following the expiry of his upgraded tier status,as may be applicable (each 365 days (or 366 days in leap year) referred to in Section 7.4(b)(i) to Section 7.4(b)(vi) above shall hereinafter be defined as an Assessment Period). 7.5 Accumulated Nett Spend Requirement for the VariousMembership Tiers No minimum Accumulated Nett Spend required Member S$4,000 Gold S$8,000 Platinum S$25,000 (subject to other assessment criteria as determined by CAG from time to time, and by-invite only) Monarch 7.6. (a) Except for the upgrade to Monarch tier (by-invite only), as soon as the Cardholder completes a particular transaction that brings the Accumulated Nett Spend to or above the level required for an upgrade in tier status, the Cardholder will be instantly upgraded to the applicable tier and shall enjoy the upgraded tier status for a period of 365 days (or 366 days in leap years) ("Upgrade Period") beginning from the date of the upgrade until the day before the corresponding date of upgrade in the following year (the Upgraded Tier Validity Period) (eg. 10 January 2024 to 9 January 2025). (b) Where the Cardholder completes a particular transaction that brings the Accumulated Nett Spend to or above $25,000 during the Assessment Period, and where he meets the other assessment criteria, that Cardholder may be invited to be upgraded to the Monarch tier. CAG reserves the right to determine the assessment criteria from time to time, and change the assessment criteria for the Monarch tier membership invite at any time at its sole discretion, without prior notice. (c) Offers to upgrade to the Monarch tier (Upgrade Offer) will be communicated to eligible Cardholders via email. The upgrade to the Monarch tier is subject to the additional terms and conditions listed below. The commencement date of the upgrade to the Monarch tier will be communicated by CAG to the eligible Cardholder who accepts the Upgrade Offer. CAG reserves the right to revoke the Upgrade Offer if the Upgrade Offer is not accepted by the eligible Cardholder by the stipulated timeline. (d) To be upgraded to the Monarch tier, the eligible Cardholder is required to agree to the following additional terms and conditions: (i) The eligible Cardholder agrees to the collection, use, disclosure, storage and other processing of the personal data provided to CAG in the Upgrade Offer form (Provided PD) in accordance with all applicable privacy laws and CAG's privacy policy available on CAG's website; (ii) The eligible Cardholder represents and warrants that the Provided PD is complete and accurate, and agrees that CAG may update his Changi Account records with the Provided PD; and iii) The eligible Cardholder agrees to receive marketing communications regarding exclusive deals, exclusive events and members-only benefits from CAG in accordance with CAGs privacy policy available on CAG's website by way of email and text messages such as WhatsApp and SMS. (e). A Monarch tier Cardholder may choose to unsubscribe from the Membership Offers anytime (and hence stop receiving marketing communications referred to at section 7.6(d)(iii) above) by updating his subscription preferences in his Changi Rewards account or clicking on the Unsubscribe link at the footer of any Membership Offers. If he proceeds with the un-subscription, he will cease to be a Monarch tier Cardholder and will be moved to the Platinum tier. Please note that such Cardholder will continue to receive necessary transactional and service announcements (e.g. account statements and amendments to the Terms and Conditions) and Membership Updates even if they opt out of the Membership Offers. If the Cardholder writes in to CAG to withdraw his consent to Membership Updates, CAG will not be liable to that Cardholder if he is not notified of the Programme benefits and entitlements. (f) Monarch tier Cardholders who did not meet the criteria to requalify as a Monarch tier member will remain subscribed to the Membership Offers unless he unsubscribes himself from the Membership Offers (and hence stop receiving marketing communications referred to at section 7.6(d)(iii) above) by updating his subscription preferences in his Changi Rewards account or clicking on the Unsubscribe link at the footer of any Membership Offers. Please note that such Cardholder will continue to receive necessary transactional and service announcements (e.g. account statements and amendments to the Terms and Conditions) and Membership Updates even if they unsubscribe from the Membership Offers. If the Cardholder writes in to CAG to withdraw his consent to Membership Updates, CAG will not be liable to that Cardholder if he is not notified of the Programme benefits and entitlements. (g) Where a Member tier Cardholder was upgraded to the Gold tier, if his Accumulated Nett Spend while he was at the Member tier exceeds $4,000, his starting Accumulated Nett Spend at the Gold tier will reflect the balance after deduction of the $4,000 threshold (eg. if Member Cardholder has an Accumulated Nett Spend of $5,000 at the point of upgrade, once he is upgraded to the Gold tier, his starting Accumulated Nett Spend (at the Gold tier) will be $1,000. (h) Where a Gold tier Cardholder was upgraded to the Platinum tier, if his Accumulated Nett Spend while he was at the Gold tier exceeds $8,000, his starting Accumulated Nett Spend at the Platinum tier will reflect the balance after deduction of the $8,000 threshold (eg. if Gold Cardholder has an Accumulated Nett Spend of $10,000 at the point of upgrade, once he is upgraded to the Platinum tier, his starting Accumulated Nett Spend (at the Platinum tier) will be $2,000. (i) For Member tier, Gold tier and Platinum tier Cardholders where they re-qualify for the same tier membership, their Accumulated Nett Spend from the start of the Assessment Period until the date before the re-qualification will not be brought forward to the Assessment Period starting from the date of re-qualification. Eg. a Gold tier Cardholder has an Accumulated Nett Spend of $5,000 and re-qualifies for the Gold tier and his starting Accumulated Nett Spend at the Gold tier will be $0. (j) For Cardholders who are upgraded to the Monarch tier: (i) and where such upgraded Cardholder did not re-qualify for the Platinum tier before the upgrade to the Monarch tier, if the Accumulated Nett Spend for such upgraded Cardholder (while he was at the Platinum tier) was above $25,000, his starting Accumulated Nett Spend at the Monarch tier will reflect the balance after deduction of the S$25,000 threshold (e.g. If Platinum Cardholder has an Accumulated Nett Spend of S$28,000 at the point of upgrade, once he is upgraded to the Monarch tier, his starting Accumulated Nett Spend (at the Monarch tier) will start from S$3,000). (ii) and where such upgraded Cardholder re-qualified for the Platinum tier before the upgrade to the Monarch tier, if the Accumulated Nett Spend for such upgraded Monarch tier Cardholder (post his Platinum tier re-qualification and before the upgrade to Monarch tier) was below S$25,000 at the point of the upgrade to the Monarch tier, his starting Accumulated Nett Spend at the Monarch tier will be S$0 (e.g. If Platinum Cardholder has an Accumulated Nett Spend of $10,000 post his Platinum tier re-qualification, once he is upgraded to the Monarch tier, his starting Accumulated Nett Spend (at the Monarch tier) will start from S$0). (iii) For the avoidance of doubt, Changi Rewards points earned at the current tier would not expire when the Cardholder is upgraded to the Monarch tier. Changi Rewards points earned are valid for redemption from the date of issuance to a Cardholders Changi Rewards account until the end of the last day of the 12th Month (as defined in Section 5.4). 7.7.The Cardholder shall enjoy the accompanying benefits of his upgraded tier status for the duration of the Upgraded Tier Validity Period. 7.8.For the avoidance of doubt:- (a) all Nett Spend of a Gold Cardholder made after his qualification for Gold membership shall continue to be tracked during the same Assessment Period for his eligibility as a Platinum member; (b) all Nett Spend of a Platinum Cardholder made after his qualification for Platinum membership shall continue to be tracked during the same Assessment Period for his eligibility as a Monarch member. 7.9. (a) Subject to section 7.9(b) below, Monarch Cardholders who do not meet the Accumulated Nett Spend at the end of an Assessment Period will be downgraded to the Platinum tier for the next Assessment Period. (b) Where a Monarch Cardholder does not meet the Accumulated Nett Spend due to refunds of his transactions, he will be downgraded to the respective tier based on his Accumulated Nett Spend after refunds. 7.9A For purposes of illustration only: - Illustration for Member upgrade to Enhanced Membership status and retention Membership Tier Assessment Period Mary joins Changi Rewards as a Member on 16 April 2024. Member Assessment Period 1 16 April 2024 15 April 2025 Mary hits a total accumulative spend of S$4,000 on 28 September 2024. Under Assessment Period 1, Mary qualifies for Gold membership. Gold Assessment Period 2 and Upgraded Tier Validity Period 1 28 September 2024 27 September 2025 Mary spends S$4,000 on 25 January 2025. Under Assessment Period 1, Mary has hit a total accumulative spend of S$8,000. Platinum Assessment Period 3 and Upgraded Tier Validity Period 2 25 January 2025 24 January 2026 Mary spends S$8,000 on 14 July 2025. Under Assessment Period 3, Mary has hit the minimum required total accumulated spend of S$8,000 to re-qualify as a Platinum member after Upgraded Tier Validity Period 2 ends. Platinum Assessment Period 4 and Upgraded Tier Validity Period 3 25 January 2026 24 January 2027 Scenario deviation 1:If Mary spends S$4,000 (instead of S$8,000) on 14 July 2025, under Assessment Period 3, Mary has hit the minimum required total accumulated spend of S$4,000 to qualify as a Gold member after Upgraded Tier Validity Period 2 ends. i.e. Mary will be a Gold member from 25 January 2026 to 24 January 2027 Scenario deviation 2:If Mary did not make any spend after 25 January 2025, Mary will fall back to Member status after the end of Upgraded Tier Validity Period 2. i.e. Mary will be a Member on 25 January 2026 7.10.Cardholders will enjoy certain privileges for their birthday, as set out in the Terms and Conditions, depending on their membership tier. Such privileges shall be referred to as Birthday Gift. 7.11.Member tier Cardholders can enjoy earning 2x Changi Rewards points on his first transaction (capped at S$1,000 spend) made during his birthday month. Please see additional terms and conditionsherethat apply to this birthday promotion. 7.12.Gold tier Cardholders are entitled to the following additional membership benefits: 7.12.1. Earn 2x Changi Rewards points on qualifying purchases on iShopChangi and at participating outlets at Changi Airport and Jewel Changi Airport. Please refer to Section 4 above for additional details; and 7.12.2. Parking Privileges. Please refer to Section 8 below; and 7.12.3 Receive S$20 worth of Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi during Cardholders birthday month. Please see additional terms and conditionsherethat apply to this birthday promotion Birthday Gift. If the Cardholder is upgraded to the Gold tier during his birthday month but after the first day of his birthday month, he will receive the Birthday Gift for the membership tier he was at before the upgrade. 7.13. Platinum tier Cardholders are entitled to the following additional membership benefits: 7.13.1. Earn 6 x Changi Rewards points on qualifying purchases at on iShopChangi and at participating outlets at Changi Airport and Jewel Changi Airport. Please refer to Section 4 above for additional details; 7.13.2. Parking Privileges. Please refer to Section 8 below; 7.13.3. Receive S$40 worth of Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi during Cardholders birthday month. Please see additional terms and conditionsherethat apply to this birthday promotionBirthday Gift. If the Cardholder is upgraded to the Platinum tier during his birthday month but after the first day of his birthday month, he will receive the Birthday Gift for the membership tier he was at before the upgrade; and 7.13.4 Invitations to exclusive lifestyle and promotional events. 7.14.Monarch tier Cardholders are entitled to the following additional membership benefits: 7.14.1. Earn 8 x Changi Rewards points on qualifying purchases at on iShopChangi and at participating outlets at Changi Airport and Jewel Changi Airport. Please refer to Section 4 above for additional details; 7.14.2. Parking Privileges. Please refer to Section 8 below; 7.14.3. Reserved parking lots across Changi Airport Terminals and Jewel Changi Airport - A total of 21 carpark lots are available on a first-come-first-served basis. Monarch car decal must be displayed on the registered car in order to park at the reserved carpark lot(s). For more details on the reserved carpark lots, please visithere 7.14.4. Personalised Monarch Concierge service; 7.14.5. Receive S$60 worth of Changi e-Voucher(s) Flexi during Cardholders birthday month. Please see additional terms and conditionsherethat apply to this birthday promotion. (a) If the Cardholder is upgraded to the Monarch tier during his birthday month but after the first day of his birthday month, he will receive the Birthday Gift for the membership tier he was at before the upgrade; 7.14.6 Invitations to exclusive lifestyle and promotional events. 7.14.7 Monarch Welcome Gift(s) given to Monarch tier Cardholders will be made available for collection starting from the day they are successfully upgraded to the Monarch Tier. Monarch tier Cardholders can collect their Monarch Welcome Gift at the Changi Rewards counter, located at Basement 2 of Changi Airport Terminal 3 (Public Area), and are required to show their Changi Rewards Card on Changi App during collection. 7.15.Benefits associated with a particular tier shall last for the duration of the Upgraded Tier Validity Period. 7.16.CAG reserves the right to change the qualifying criteria for membership tier upgrades and renewals at any time at its sole discretion, without prior notice. 7.17.CAG reserves the right to make any changes to the membership tiering system, as well as amend or withdraw any benefits related to a particular tier membership, at any time at its sole discretion, without prior notice. 8.1.General 8.1.1. Each Cardholder is entitled to update one (1) In-Vehicle Unit (IU) number in his member profile. Proof of vehicle ownership is required for all requests to change the registered In-Vehicle Unit (IU) number. 8.1.2. CAG reserves the right in its sole and absolute discretion to terminate or vary the parking rebates and privileges given under the Programme from time to time (Programme Parking Rebates and Privileges) without notice. 8.1.3. CAGs decision on all matters relating to the Programme Parking Rebates and Privileges will be final and binding on all Cardholders. 8.2.For all Programme parking rebates and privileges: 8.2.1. The Programme parking rebates and privileges may be used in conjunction with any other Changi Airport car park coupons obtained by any other means in the following sequence: upon exit, Programme parking privileges (if any) will be deducted first against total parking payable amount followed by Programme parking rebates (if any) and lastly, followed by any physical parking coupons; 8.2.2. Programme parking privileges can be combined with Programme parking rebates redeemed using Changi Rewards points; 8.2.3. are non-transferable and there shall be no extension, refunds or exchange of redeemed, expired or used parking rebates and privileges; 8.2.4. are not valid for use at the car park in which the Cardholders season parking applies; and 8.2.5. are subject to section 8.2.4 above, shall be valid for use at Terminal 1/Jewel Car Park (General parking lots - B3 to B5), Terminal 2 Car Park 2A & 2B, Terminal 3 Car Park 3A & 3B and Terminal 4 Car Park 4A and Hub & Spoke Car Park only ("Programme Car Parks"). 8.3.For Programme Parking Rebates only 8.3.1. Programme parking rebates redeemed between 1st April of each calendar year to 31st March of the next calendar year (both dates inclusive) will expire on 31st March of that next calendar year (eg. programme parking rebates redeemed between 1st April 2024 to 31st March 2025 will expire by 31st March 2025). 8.3.2. Programme parking rebates may only be redeemed after the Cardholder enters and saves a valid IU number to his member profile. If there are any changes in the IU number after the vehicles (with the original IU number) entry into the car park, the Cardholder will enjoy the Programme parking rebates only for the subsequent visit. 8.3.3. Programme parking rebates may only be redeemed with Changi Rewards points that have passed the seven (7) days holding period upon issuance. 8.3.4. Programme parking rebates will be utilised immediately and automatically upon Cardholders exit from the applicable Programme Car Parks after the redemption, provided that Cardholder does not have other parking privileges that rank ahead of the Programme parking rebates as indicated in the order of priority here:https://carpass.changiairport.com/FAQ.html. Remaining programme parking rebates will be carried forward to the Cardholders next visit until they are fully utilised or expired. 8.4.For Programme parking privileges with spend, applicable to Member, Gold, and Platinum Cardholders (Spend Parking Privileges) 8.4.1. Spend Parking Privileges shall be auto-allocated to the In-Vehicle Unit (IU) number tied to the Cardholders Changi Rewards member profile 10 minutes after the accumulated qualifying Nett Spend has been made at Changi Rewards participating outlets. In the event there is no IU number tied to the Cardholders member profile when the accumulated qualifying Nett Spend has been made, that Cardholder will not receive the relevant Spend Parking Privileges; 8.4.2. Spend Parking Privileges are valid only if the Changi Rewards member scans his Changi Rewards Card for all his spend transactions contributing to the accumulated qualify Nett Spend at the point of making the transactions (i.e. retrospective claims submitted to Changi Rewards after the transaction has been made will not be entertained and such transaction would not contribute to the accumulated Nett Spend); 8.4.3. Spend Parking Privileges are not available on eve of Public Holidays, and Public Holidays; 8.4.4. A minimum amount of S$10 nett spend per transaction is required to qualify for the cumulative Nett Spend for Spend Parking Privileges; 8.4.5.Spend Parking Privileges that are valid for use at Terminal 1/Jewel Car Park (General parking lots B3 to B5), Terminal 2 Car Park 2A & 2B, Terminal 3 Car Park 3A & 3B and Terminal 4 Car Park 4A & 4B only (Terminal Car Parks) 8.4.5.1. Qualifying Member, Gold, and Platinum Cardholders will enjoy 2 hours of free parking at the Terminal Car Parks with an accumulated same-day qualifying Nett Spend of S$60 at participating outlets at Changi Airports public area across Terminal 1 to 4 (excluding Jewel, but inclusive of terminal supermarkets), except for eve of and Public Holidays (Terminal Car Parks Spend Privileges); 8.4.5.2. Terminal Car Parks Spend Privileges are capped at a maximum of 2 hours of free parking per day per qualifying Member, Gold, and Platinum Cardholder (i.e. a subsequent spend of S$60 nett on the same day will not entitle such Cardholder to another 2 hours of free parking for the same day); 8.4.5.3. Terminal Car Parks Spend Privileges shall not be prorated based on the actual amount of time parked. The entire 2 hours of free parking will be utilised upon the Cardholders first exit from the carpark during the day (i.e. even if the Cardholder parks for only 30 minutes, the entire 2 hours of free parking will be utilised); and 8.4.5.4. Only one Terminal Car Park Spend Privilege can be utilised upon each exit to offset the parking charges, as long as the qualifying Cardholder exits the applicable Terminal Car Park within the validity period of the Terminal Car Park Spend Privilege earned. Each Terminal Car Park Spend Privilege is valid for two days (including the day in which such privilege was credited to the Cardholders CR account). 8.4.6. Spend Parking Privileges that are valid for use at Terminal 1 /Jewel Car Park (General parking lots B3 to B5) only 8.4.6.1. Qualifying Member, Gold, and Platinum Cardholders will enjoy 2 hours of free parking at the Jewel Car Park with an accumulated same-day qualifying Nett Spend of S$80 at participating outlets at Jewel Changi Airport (inclusive of supermarkets), except for eve of and Public Holidays (Jewel Car Park Spend Privileges); 8.4.6.2. Jewel Car Park Spend Privileges are capped at a maximum of 2 hours of free parking per day per qualifying Member, Gold, and Platinum Cardholder (i.e. a subsequent spend of S$80 nett on the same day will not entitle such Cardholder to another 2 hours of free parking for the same day); 8.4.6.3. Jewel Car Park Spend Privileges shall not be prorated based on the actual amount of time parked. The entire 2 hours of free parking will be utilised upon the Cardholders first exit from the carpark during the day (i.e. even if the Cardholder parks for only 30 minutes, the entire 2 hours of free parking will be utilised); and 8.4.6.4. Only one Jewel Car Park Spend Privilege can be utilised upon each exit to offset the parking charges, as long as the qualifying Cardholder exits the Jewel Car Park within the validity period of the Jewel Car Park Spend Parking Privileges earned. Each Jewel Car Park Spend Privilege is valid for two days (including the day in which such privilege was credited to the Cardholders CR account). 8.5. For Gold and Platinum Cardholders Parking Privileges 8.5.1. Gold and Platinum Cardholders shall be entitled to free daily parking hours as set out in the table below (Free Parking Privileges): Tier Gold Platinum Number of free daily parking hours entitled to each cardholder of the specified tier 1 hour 2 hours Valid for use at following car parks Terminal 2 2A & 2B Terminal 3 3A & 3B Terminal 4 4A & 4B Terminal 1/Jewel Carpark (General parking lots B3 to B5) 8.5.1.1.The Free Parking Privileges shall be credited the next day after the Cardholder is upgraded to the Gold/Platinum tier. Parking privileges shall be auto-allocated to the In-Vehicle Unit (IU) number tied to the Cardholders Changi Rewards member profile daily. In the event there is no IU number tied to the Cardholders member profile, that Cardholder will not receive the relevant Free Parking Privileges until such time an IU number is linked to his Changi Rewards member profile; 8.5.1.2. If there is any change in the IU number, the Free Parking Privileges will be credited the next day after the change in IU number; 8.5.1.3. The Free Parking Privileges shall not be prorated based on the actual amount of time parked. The entire given hour(s) of free parking (1 hour for Gold Cardholder and 2 hours for Platinum Cardholder) will be utilised upon the Cardholders first exit from the carpark during the day (i.e. even if the Cardholder parks for only 30 minutes, the entire given hour(s) of free parking will be utilised); and 8.5.1.4. The redemption of Free Parking Privilege is dependent on the date of exit from the applicable car park (eg. if Cardholder enters on 2 May and exits on 3 May, the usage of the Free Parking Privilege will be considered as 3 May redemption). 8.5.2. For multiple visits to car parks within the same day 8.5.2.1. Where Gold and Platinum Cardholders receive both the (i) Terminal Car Parks Spend Privileges or Jewel Car Park Spend Privileges; and (ii) Free Parking Privileges in the same day, and such Cardholders make multiple visits to the relevant car parks within the same day, the Programme parking privileges shall be utilised in the following order: (a) the Terminal Car Parks Spend Privileges or Jewel Car Park Spend Privileges (as the case may be) will be utilised first Provided that it is issued in the course of the first visit to the relevant car park; and (b) the Free Parking Privileges will be utilised at the second visit to the relevant car park if the Terminal Car Parks Spend Privileges or Jewel Car Park Spend Privileges (as the case may be) was issued and utilised in the course of the first visit. 8.5.3. For a single visit to car parks within the same day with more than 2 hours of parking 8.5.3.1. Where Gold and Platinum Cardholders receive both the (i) Terminal Car Parks Spend Privileges or Jewel Car Park Spend Privileges; and (ii) Free Parking Privileges in the same day, and such Cardholders park for more than 2 hours at the relevant car parks in a single visit, the Programme parking privileges shall be utilised in the following order: (a) the Terminal Car Parks Spend Privileges or Jewel Car Park Spend Privileges (as the case may be); and (b) the Free Parking Privileges, and such Gold and Platinum Cardholders cannot defer the utilisation of the Free Parking Privileges to a subsequent visit in that same day. 8.5.4. Where the Cardholder has multiple parking privileges or parking rebates pursuant to any of CAGs programmes (including but not limited to Terminal Car Parks Spend Privileges and/or Jewel Car Park Spend Privileges, Free Parking Privileges, Programme Parking Rebates, and/or parking benefits accorded under CarPass), the order of priority for utilisation can be found here:https://carpass.changiairport.com/FAQ.html. 8.6. For Monarch Cardholders Parking Privileges 8.6.1. Monarch Cardholders will enjoy complimentary parking all-year round at Terminal 2 Car Park 2A & 2B, Terminal 3 Car Park 3A & 3B, Terminal 4 Car Park 4A & 4B, and Terminal 1/Jewel (General parking lots B3 to B5) (Monarch Parking Privileges). 8.6.2. Monarch Parking Privileges will be credited the next day after the Cardholder is upgraded to Monarch tier. 8.6.3. Monarch Parking Privileges shall be auto-allocated to the In-Vehicle Unit (IU) number tied to the Monarch Cardholders Changi Rewards member profile. In the event there is no IU number tied to the Cardholders member profile, that Cardholder will not receive the Monarch Parking Privileges until such time an IU number is linked to his Changi Rewards member profile. 8.6.4. Monarch Cardholders will be issued with a Monarch car decal to be placed in their IU-registered vehicle. This decal is required for parking at any of the 21 designated Monarch reserved parking lots and CAG will reissue new decal for qualified Monarch members upon the expiry of the decal. Unauthorised parking (i.e. vehicles without Monarch decal and/or vehicles which IU number is not registered under the Monarch Cardholders Changi Rewards profile) will be subject to wheel-clamping. 8.6.5. CAG and/or its carpark contractor reserve the rights to request from the vehicle owner who parked at the Monarch reserved lot for any form of identification to prove that he is a Monarch Cardholder. 8.6.6. The use of any of the designated Monarch reserved parking lots by Monarch Cardholders is restricted to a maximum of 24 hours from the time of entry at the relevant car park, so that the reserved parking lots can be freed up for more Monarch members usage. If any vehicle is parked at a Monarch reserved lot for more than 24 hours, CAG reserves the right to require the vehicle owner of such vehicle to move that vehicle away. For Platinum Cardholders only 9.1.Each Platinum Cardholder will receive two (2) lounge passes (Pass) per Upgraded Tier Validity Period once upgraded to Platinum status. The last issuance of Passes will be on 30 June 2024. Starting from 1 July 2024, Passes will no longer be issued to Platinum Cardholders. 9.2.Pass is valid for 12 months from the date of issuance for a one time use only. Each pass admits one person per pass. 9.3.Pass is for 3 hours lounge access at participating lounges at Plaza Premium Lounge located at Changi Airport Terminal 1, Ambassador Transit Lounge located at Changi Airport Terminals 2 and 3, Blossom Lounge located at Changi Airport Terminal 4 (collectively, theLoungesand each, aLounge). 9.4.Pass is non-transferable and must be presented together with a valid Changi Rewards Card at the Lounge for redemption. Entry to the respective Lounges is subject to that Lounges prevailing terms and conditions. The Lounges reserves the rights to request for any other form of personal identification. 9.5.CAG shall not be liable or responsible to any Cardholder or any other individual(s) who access any of the Lounges under the Programme (all such Cardholders and individuals who access any of the Lounges referred to asLounge User) for any claims, demands, loss, damages, compensations, liabilities, actions, lawsuits, charges, penalties, fines, costs and expenses of whatever nature arising directly or indirectly out of or in connection with the use of any of the Lounges, including but not limited to:- 9.5.1. any loss, loss of use, theft, and damages of baggage or any property or valuables of any Lounge User; 9.5.2. any illness, personal injuries or death of any Lounge User and/or any other individuals occurring in the Lounge for whatever causes; and 9.5.3. any consequential loss, financial or otherwise, for any flight cancellation, delay or missed flight for whatever reasons whilst the Lounge User using the Lounge; and/or any act, omission (including negligence), failure, default or breach by the Lounge operator, its directors, employees, officers, agents, contractors and sub-contractors in providing Lounge services to the Lounge User. 10.1.Cardholders hereby consent for their personal data to be utilised by CAG for use in connection with the operations of the Programme (including without limitation, identification of Cardholder, communication with Cardholder, resolving disputes with Cardholder, fulfilling Cardholders redemption requests, Cardholders participation in marketing programmes, promotional activities, events, surveys, contests and/or administration and facilitation of other loyalty programmes which Cardholder has opted to link Changi Rewards with) and for research and statistical purposes to analyze Cardholders profile, behaviour, trends and activities (collectively, the "Relevant Purposes"). Cardholders consent to the disclosure of their information, including personal data, to CAG's subsidiaries, affliates, authorized service providers, business partners and/or agents strictly for the Relevant Purposes. 10.2.CAG will disclose Cardholders information, including personal data, to the relevant authorities or parties as required by and in compliance with the applicable laws, rules, regulations, directives or orders. 10.3.Any collection, use and disclosure of Cardholders' personal data will be strictly in accordance with CAG's privacy policy, a copy of which may be obtained fromhttp://www.changiairport.com/en/privacy-policy.html. 11.1.By participating in the Programme, all Cardholders agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions herein and all amendments, additions, replacements and modifications as may be made by CAG thereto from time to time. All Cardholders acknowledge and agree that CAG may use any information provided in relation to the Programme for such purpose as CAG may deem necessary for marketing and promotional purposes. All Cardholders herby provide consent for CAG to send them any future communications, promotional offers and information on privileges. 11.2.CAG and its authorized agents shall not be liable for any injury, loss or inconvenience arising out of or in connection with the Programme. 11.3.Information stated is correct at time of printing and is subject to change without giving prior notice. CAG gives no warranty on the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of any content or information herein. 11.4.In the event of any inconsistency between these Terms and Conditions with any other form of publicity collaterals relating to the Programme, these Terms and Conditions shall prevail. 11.5.Under no circumstances whatsoever shall CAG be liable for any indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from, or arise out of the usage of any information stated herein or the participation in the Programme. 11.6.These Terms and Conditions are not intended to confer rights to a third party under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act (Cap. 53B) (theAct). The provisions of the Act are hereby excluded. 11.7.These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Singapore. Both CAG and Cardholder hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Singapore. 11.8The illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of any provision in these Terms and Conditions under the law of any jurisdiction will not affect the legality, validity or enforceability under the law of any other jurisdiction nor the legality, validity or enforceability of any other provision in these Terms and Conditions. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Find answers to your questions on ourFAQs. Otherwise, reach out to us by completing the form below. Fields marked with * are mandatory. Find answers to your questions on ourFAQs. Otherwise, reach out to us by completing the form below. Fields marked with * are mandatory. Please note that your personal data may be shared with our partners and other relevant third parties - to enable them to follow-up and reply to you directly on your feedback. By provision of your personal particulars, you are deemed to have provided your consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal data for this purpose.All processing of personal data will be in accordance with CAG'sPrivacy Policy. Verify Captcha Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Find everything you need to make your journey a seamless one. Unlock a seamless travel experience with the Changi App. Get real-time flight info, airport guides, travel tips, and a baggage tracker. Manage your payments with Changi Pay, our mobile wallet.Download now and take control of your travel plans! Unlock a seamless travel experience with the Changi App. Get real-time flight info, airport guides, travel tips, and a baggage tracker. Manage your payments with Changi Pay, our mobile wallet. Download now and take control of your travel plans! Find information on Lost & Found, special assistance for travelers with disabilities, and other support services. Our team is here to help you navigate the airport with ease. Visit this page to learn how we can assist you during your journey Find information on Lost & Found, special assistance for travelers with disabilities, and other support services. Our team is here to help you navigate the airport with ease. Visit this page to learn how we can assist you during your journey Need to reach us? Our Contact Information page has everything you need. From customer service hotlines and email addresses to social media handles, we provide multiple channels for your inquiries and feedback. Connect with us and let us enhance your Changi Airport experience. Need to reach us? Our Contact Information page has everything you need. From customer service hotlines and email addresses to social media handles, we provide multiple channels for your inquiries and feedback. Connect with us and let us enhance your Changi Airport experience. At A Glance Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Singapore Changi AirportPO Box 168Singapore 918146 You may visit our web gallery to download the imageshere. The Singapore Changi Airport airport code is SIN. Only passengers with valid boarding passes or travel documents are allowed to access the Departure, Transit area. Please write in toenquiry@changiairport.comshould you require further clarifications. You may send an email toenquiry@changiairport.com, and include details such as your Notice of Offence number, name and contact details. We will assist to channel this to the relevant department, who will assist you further on this matter. You may settle the payment for the Notice of Offence at Changi Airport Group (CAG), Finance Department located at Terminal 2, Level 4 via cash or cheque. The operating hours are from 9.30am to 12.00pm & 2.00pm to 4.00pm. In accordance to the Guidelines on Liquids, Aerosols & Gels, confiscated items not according to the guidelines will be disposed off immediately by the Pre-board Screening Officer or Airline representative. Hence, the confiscated items will not be claimable anymore. Reviewing of CCTV footage is under the police purview,please clickhereto file a police report. The police will follow up and take over the case. For restrictions and important things to know about fly drones, or unmanned aircrafts, near Changi Airport, please clickhere. Upon arrival, please clear through the immigration and customs checkpoints.In light of the COVID-19 outbreak, all passengers (Singapore Citizens, Permanent Residents, Long-term Pass Holders and Foreign Visitors) who will like to enter Singapore are required to submit theelectronic Health Declaration Card (eHDC)via theSG Arrival Card (SGAC) e-Servicebefore clearing immigration. Please note that the paper-based disembarkation and embarkation card for arriving foreign visitors has been discontinued with effect from 27 March 2020. Foreign visitors will instead provide their arrival information via the SGAC e-Service instead. In addition to the submission of the eHDC, Long-term Pass Holders and Foreign Visitors are also required to have their passports and Permits / Entry Visas (if applicable) ready as well. If you are arriving within six days of passing through areas endemic for Yellow Fever, you may need to present a Fever Vaccination Certificate. Please refer to theCovid-19 Information Hubfor the latest information on travelling to Changi Airport. If you do not have any controlled goods with you, you can proceed to the Green channel. If you are in doubt or you have goods to declare, please proceed to the Red Channel. Please take note that the officers might inspect your baggage regardless of whether you take the Green or Red Channel. If you are also carrying an amount of money equivalent to S$20,000 (or its equivalent in foreign currency), you have to report it. The report will be handed over to the immigration officer at the Red Channel on arrival in Singapore and at the immigration counter when departing Singapore. For more information, please clickhere Availability of information can be found via: If you are a traveller above 18 years of age, have arrived from countries other than Malaysia and have spent 48 hours or more outside Singapore immediately before your arrival, you are granted the duty-free concessions for liquors. Travellers will be given duty-free concession for liquors on one of the following options: Please clickherefor more information on the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority's entry requirements for Singapore. If you are arriving within six days of passing through areas endemic for Yellow Fever (e.g. Africa & South America), you will need to produce a Fever Vaccination Certificate. If you are unable to produce the document, you will be required to go for necessary vaccination, which is chargeable. For more information on entry and visa requirements and a list of countries endemic for Yellow Fever, pleasecontactthe Immigration and Checkpoints Authorityor visit theirwebsite. This request is subject to approval from Changi Airport Group. Please furnish us with the following details and send it toenquiry@changiairport.com. If you carry more than S$20,000 or its equivalent in foreign currency in or out of Singapore, you are required to give a report to the immigration officer at the Customs Red Channel on arrival and at the immigration counter on departure from Singapore.For more information on reporting cash, you may clickhere. Please use the Green Channel for your baggage clearance if you do not have controlled or prohibited goods to declare and have not exceeded your Duty-Free Concession or Goods and Services Tax relief. Please use the Red Channel if you have goods to declare or if in doubt. Please note your baggage may be examined by the officers whether you take the Green or Red Channel. For more information on Duty-Free allowance, Goods and Services Tax relief, controlled goods and prohibited goods, please contact Singapore Customshere. Please refer tothislink for the list of controlled and prohibited goods for Singapore. You may wait for your relatives, friends or family members at any public areas within Changi Airport, at your convenience. This fee is already included in your airfare and there is no need to pay at the airport. No. For security reasons, all passengers must check themselves in. We encourage you to check in at least two hours before your departure time. Most airline check-in counters open at least two hours before your flight. Some airlines also offer early check-in. You may also be able to check in online, in which case you can confirm your flight and choose your seat before you arrive at the airport, so you only need to collect your boarding pass and deposit your hold baggage when you arrive. If you check in online, you may choose to arrive at the Departure Transit Hall one hour before flight departure (or 45 minutes before departure, if you have no hold baggage). As check-in operations and requirements vary by airline, do check with your airline representative or ground handling agent for more information. Having said that, we do encourage you to check in early to enjoy all the shopping, dining, services and attractions available at the airport. Most economy class passengers are allowed one piece of hand-carried luggage weighing up to 7kg (16lbs) and measure no more than 115cm (46). Do check with your airline as the actual hand-carry luggage allowance vary by airline, destination and type of ticket held. Please note that you should keep your portable chargers in your hand-carried luggage instead of checking them in. For more information, do check the general Baggage Restrictionshereor with your airlines. For more information on baggage allowance, please check with your airlines. You may clickherefor a list of airline contacts. Most economy class passengers are permitted to check in up to 20kg of luggage. Do check with your airline as the actual luggage allowance vary by airline, destination and type of ticket held. For luggage in excess of the allowed weight, you may choose to either pay an excess baggage fee or airfreight it to your destination as unaccompanied luggage. Do remember to check in any liquids, aerosols or gels which are in containers larger than 100ml.For more information, check generalBaggage Restrictionshereor with yourairlines. You can collect your boarding pass at the designated airline counters not less than 1 hour before the flight (or as instructed by the airline). Excess baggage rates vary by airline, destination and ticket type. Please contact your airline for actual rates. Yes, our x-ray machines are all film safe. They will not cause any damage to your films or diskettes. Generally, you must not bring these items on board: Find out more about Baggage Restrictionshere. If you have further enquiries on restricted hand-carry items, you may contact the airlines you are travelling with for further clarificationhere. You can check-in via phone, fax, SMS, email, WAP (Wireless Access Protocol) or online before you arrive at Changi Airport. Please contactyour airline for information on extra baggage allowance and charges. Please check with the respective airlines whether they allow pets or animals in the aircraft. You also have to apply for Transhipment of Animals & Birds permit with Agri Food & Veterinary Authority of Singapore (AVA) at+65 6227 0670or clickhereto visit their website. A codeshare agreement, sometimes simply referred to as codeshare, is an aviation business arrangement where two or more airlines share the same flight. A seat can be purchased on one airline but is actually operated by a cooperating airline under a different flight number or code. Baggage weighing scales are found in our Departure Halls in all the terminals. Terminal 1: near check-in row 4 and 9 Terminal 3: near check-in row 3, 6, 8 and 9 Luggage wrapping facilities are available in Terminals 1 & 3 at the Changi Recommends counters. Alternatively, you can visit the Left Baggage counters that provide wrapping services. The charges will depend on the size of the luggage. For more information, please clickhere. You may apply for the Electronic Travel Authority (ETA) Australia visa at the Singapore Airlines Customer Service Counter located at Terminal 3. Singapore Airlines Customer Service Counter located at Terminal 3 - only for passenger travelling with SQ flight. Seiki Travel located at Terminal 3 Basement 2 do provides Australia, China, Malaysiaand Vietnam visa application. Passengers will need to clear through the immigration according to their departure terminal. In If you would like to travel to other terminals, they are connected in the public areas andyou may find out morehere. Scheduled Time of Departure (STD)/ Scheduled Time of Arrival (STA): This refers to the scheduled time for the flight to depart or arrive at Changi Airport Estimated Time of Departure (ETD) / Estimated Time of Arrival (ETA): This refers to the estimated time for the flight to depart and arrive which may differ from the scheduled flight time. The gates will close 10 to 20 minutes before flight departure. You may wish to check directly with the airlines you are travelling with so that they can advise you further. Singapore has lifted border restrictions withthese countries/ territories. theseplacescan follow on-ground signage to rest, dine and shopwithin the zone of Changi Airports B and C gates while waiting for your next flight. For all other passengers,you will be guided to the Transit Holding Areas (THAs) inyour connecting terminal. Temperature taking will be conducted at the THA entrance. Once inside, you will be able to enjoy amenities including comfortable seating, snooze areas and light entertainment while waiting for your flight. You will be able to purchase light meals, snacks and drinks on-site. You can also make tax-free purchases with the help of a shopping concierge service and have your purchases delivered to you safely. For more information, please seehere. Yes, you will be allowed to bring your purchase from the other airports if the items are packed in a Sealed Tamper Evident Bag (STEB) with the receipt clearly displayed in the STEB. The receipt must show the date of purchase, item(s) purchased, the shop name and the airport name.However, this only applies to passengers who will be traveling on flights that are not bound for the EU, Australia and U.S.A. For more information, please clickhere. For flights bound for Australia or U.S.A., only duty-free LAGs (sold by duty free shops) purchased at the last port that are gate-delivered to the aircraft will be allowed to be carried on board the aircraft. Essentially, if you are departing from Singapore or transiting in Singapore to Australia or U.S.A., LAGs merchandises which are not purchased at Changi Airport and are not gate-delivered to the aircraft would be sieved out either by the Airline staff or Auxiliary Police Officers appointed by the Airlines at pre-board screening. You would be asked to discard the items before you are allowed to board the aircraft. Australia and U.S. security checkpoints do not recognize the use of Security Temper Evident Bag (STEB). Hence, passengers with connecting flights after arrival to Australia and U.S.A. will be required to discard the items if the following measures are not taken: a) If you are transiting via an Australian airport to another Australian destination or non-Australian destination, you are advised to purchase your LAGs item only at the last port before your final destination. b) Similarly, if you are transiting via a U.S.A. airport to another U.S.A. or non-U.S.A. destination, you will have the opportunity to reclaim your check-in luggage before passing through U.S.A. customs, and your LAGs purchase must be placed in your check-in luggage prior to checking in for your connecting flight. For further enquires on the above, you may approach the respective authorities for more information: Airlines generally are prepared to make exceptions and allow passengers to retrieve medication that is needed urgently. We would like to encourage all passengers in transit at Changi to keep their medication as well as all other necessities in their hand carry luggage. Kindly approach the respective airlines' transfer counter for assistance. Yes, you can leave your baggage at theLeft Baggage counterslocated in all terminals. This service is available 24 hours daily. Yes, you can book a hotel room at the transit hotels located at Terminal 1, near boarding gate D41 andTerminal 3, near boarding gates B1-4. The minimum length of stay is 6 hours. You can make a booking with the hotelshere: Passengersfromthese placescanhead to thehotel pick-uppointafter you have made your booking. A staff from the hotel will escort you to your hotel. Forall other passengers,inform the Changi Experience Ambassador on duty for assistanceafter you arrive at the THA,andstaffwill guide you to the transit hotel. For more information, please check theCovid-19 Information Hub. For your convenience, the ATM machines available at the airport are ANZ, DBS, OCBC, State Bank of India, UOB, HSBC and CitiBank.For the location of the ATMs, you may refer to the airportmapsor reach out to any of our friendly onground agents. We have Presto Drycleaners located at Terminal 3, Arrival Hall North,Level 1 where they have laundry and ironing services available. They operate from 10:00am to 9:00pm. Crowne Plaza Hotel offers Day Use rooms at room charges that are lower than the usual full-day rates. For more information,clickhere. The Changi Gift Cards are available for sale at Terminal 3, Basement 2 Customer Service Counter from 10am to 10.30pm daily. Please note that only cash and credit card payment is accepted. You may refer to the followinglinkfor more details. There are priority lanes for expectant mothers, passengers with infants in arms and reduced mobility travelers here at Changi Airport. These lanes are called the Care@Changi Priority Lanes and are available at all security checkpoints and taxi stands. For more information on special assistance, cickhere. The Free Singapore Tour is currently suspended till further notice. You may reserve a stroller 24 hours in advance of reaching Changi Airport via our booking portalhereand proceed to collect it at select Information Counters located across our terminals. Alternatively, you may approach any of our Information Counters directly to loan a stroller. Do note however that this would be on a first-come-first-served basis. Clickherefor more information. Postboxes are available at the Departure Transit Lounges.For postal services available, visit Singpostswebsite. VIP Complex matters are handled by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA). Please clickhereto visit their websitefor more information. This is service jointly developed by Singapore Post and Changi Airport.Speedpost@Changiservice provides departing passengers with an option to post their hand-carried items, that are not allowed on board aircraft due to security restrictions or which do not comply with liquids, aerosols and gels (LAGs) guidelines. Yes, there are AXS stations available all across the terminals (transit and public area), usually located next to the ATMs. There are pay-per-use transit lounges that you are able to use while transiting or before your departure in the transit areas. You may refer to the list of available loungeshere. There are payable shower facilities located around the airport.Please clickherefor more information on the location, operating hours and contact details. For information on how you can stay connected in Changi Airport, clickhere. You may contact SATS Affinity Buggy Services at+65 6541 1283for more information on buggy services. There are water dispensers located around the transit and public areas for the refilling of drinking water. Your friend may collect the baggage on behalf provided he/she has the receipt of payment and identification documents of the owner. Trending Topics and Issues Related to The Changi App Select any of the app features for more information or emailenquiry@changiairport.comfor further assistance. GENERAL/QUICK TROUBLESHOOTING GUIDE:You may experience login/account-related issues on the app under the following circumstances: FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Changi account isa digital account service that enables you to connect and transact on Changi Airport's digital portals with just one username and password.Changi account allows users to log in and access membership information on the Changi App, Changi Rewards and iShopChangi websites, using the same account credentials. While Changi App users are able to use the app for basic/informative features without having a Changi account, users who are logged into their accounts will enjoy a more seamless experience with greater benefits and privileges. You can do so with the following steps: Tap on the Sign up or login button found on the Explore page (homepage) of the Changi App, followed by Sign up for a new account. You may also sign up by clicking on the link below, followed by Sign up or Log in Alternatively, you may also sign up for a Changi account via Facebook, Google, or Apple social options. The account created will be associated with the email used with your social provided. For Apple ID users to note: By selecting Hide My Email, the Changi account will be created with a relay email provided by Apple. Users should note this relay email down, as the Changi account team will be unable to locate your account based on your Apple ID email in the future for support reasons. Please email us atlogin@changiairport.com. Your requestwill be reviewed and processed on a case-by-case basis. We may also require some personal details to verify your ownership of the Changi account. Good to know: Your Changi account email will be the same email used to access your Changi Rewards and iShopChangi accounts. You can change your account details directly on your Changi App. Under the account tab, click on the settings icon. Click on profile and edit your account details accordingly. If you have forgotten the email address you have registered with, you may send us an email atlogin@changiairport.comwith the following details for us to help retrieve your membership details: If you have forgotten your password, you may request for a password reset via the Changi App's login/sign up page. Please check both your inbox and/or junk mailbox for password reset link, after a few minutes. If you are encountering issues resetting your Changi Account password on the app, you can do so by visiting the Changi Rewards page, and navigating to "Sign up or Log in": Good to know: Your Changi Account details will be the same to access your Changi Rewards and iShopChangi accounts. You can manage your Changi account subscriptions via the Changi App by following these steps: You may follow the following steps to request for account deletion on the Changi App: After you have deleted your account, you will no longer have access to your: Changi App profile login Changi Rewards membership iShopChangi account You may be unable to use our app due to security reasons. To access Changi Rewards perks, e-vouchers and points accumulation, you can login via the web browser onhttps://beta-preprod.changiairport.com/en/rewards.html, or visit changiairport.com for other airport information. To troubleshoot, please write in toenquiry@changiairport.com. Changi Account offers login via Facebook, Google, and Apple. When you login with a social provider and an existing Changi Account is detected with the same email, you will be prompted to enter your password to verify your ownership of the account. After this verification, you will be able to login directly using the social provider option in future. Existing Users who attempt to login with Apple ID and select Hide My Email will instead be treated as new User sign-up, as the system is unable to match them against their original account created with their real email. In order to login with Apple and be linked to their existing account, they should select Share My Email. To save a flight successfully, ensure that all notifications for the Changi App are enabled. To enable notifications on your mobile (iOS users) To enable notifications on your mobile (Android users) After enabling notifications on your mobile device, ensure notifications are enabled on the Changi App. To save a future flight on Changi App, please perform the following steps: There may be a slight time difference between the airlines notifying you, and their latest flight schedules updates being reflected in the database where Changi App obtains flight information. If your airline has notified you directly about changes to your flight details, the same details will be made available as soon as the updates are received by our backend database. Please give some time for changes in flight details to be reflected on the Changi App. Alternatively, do check directly with your airline(s) for their latest flight information. Please find general guide for participationhere. You may also refer to theFrequently Asked Questions (FAQ)section for more details.More information on The Great Changi Appscapade is available onchangiairport.com/appscapade. Scan your Changi Rewards e-Card when making a qulifying purchase at participating stores, and perks and credits will be issued to your account. For eligible transactions, perks and credits are automatically issued to your account. You only need to upload your receipt if you did not scan your Changi Rewards e-Card at the point of payment. Receipts that are manually submitted are subjected to validation by the event crew. When selecting a purchase option, your eligible perks are automatically displayed for you to enjoy discounts when redeeming merchandise or booking events. You can check your perks via your Changi App > Account > Perks. This may be happening because our app is experiencing high traffic. As a result, you might encounter the following: Please approach our frontline crew on site to redeem your existing bookings and/or check on your available perks/credits via the QR code found in your booking confirmation email. Alternatively, you may also try loading your Changi Rewards e-Card via your web browser. Click link below: This problem may occur when our app is experiencing high traffic. Please check back on the app again at a later time. Alternatively, you may approach our frontline crew at the respective event or activity sites to enquire about on-site booking options. Launch the Changi App, click on theFlytab, selectAirport, click on"Parking Info"and you will be led to our parking information page! You will be able to find carpark availability, parking rates calculator and find my car feature here. CLICK ON "FLY" ON YOUR HOMEPAGE SELECT "AIRPORT" AND CLICK "PARKING INFO" SELECT "AIRPORT" AND CLICK "PARKING INFO" FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ON PARKING SERVICES You may approach our customer service counters for on-ground assistance.If you continue to encounter issues, you can may call our hotline at 6595 6868 (24 hours daily) to speak with our Customer Service Representatives, approach our customer service officers at the information counters on-ground, or write to us atenquiry@changiairport.com. For Park & Work or Park & Fly related issues, please direct your enquiries toparkandwork@changiairport.comorparkandfly@changiairport.comrespectively. Please retain and submit your parking receipt(s) to us viaenquiry@changiairport.com, along with your registered Changi Account email address. You may update your cars IU via the Changi App. Under the account tab, click on the settings icon. Click on profile and edit your cars IU number. For more detailed information on Park & Work and Park & Fly discounted parking products, please clickhere. Park & Fly and Park & Work eCoupons are credited to your Changi Account upon purchase. Your eCoupon must be activated at least 10 minutes before your intended exit. Upon exit, you should see your parking charges offset up to the value of the eCoupon purchased. You can do so with the following steps: Alternatively, you can also view your remaining carpark e-Coupons with the following steps: Upon landing on "My Carpass" portal, you may proceed to enter your vehicle IU number and select "My eCoupon" to view your active eCoupons. Changi App users who are experiencing difficulties on the app may continue to enjoy Changi Rewards membership services by logging in to your account through the link below or via your web browser (rewards.changiairport.com).You may also try checking back on the app some time later, or refer to the FAQs below. You may also choose to submit your claims for Changi Rewards points by submitting the images of the receipt(s) through theContact Us Webform found on www.changirewards.com/feedback.aspx or by emailing us at:enquiry@changiairport.com. Do note that receipt(s) be clearly shown in the images and submitted not more than seven (7) days from the date of the qualifying transaction. You may to redeem your rewards via Changi Rewards' websitehere. You may submit your qualifying spend receipt(s) to us via email:enquiry@changiairport.com.Do note that receipt(s) be clearly shown in the images and submitted not more than seven (7) days from the date of the qualifying transaction. For any other Changi Rewards specific questions regarding membership tiers, rewards catalogue and more, refer to the FAQshere. You can locate your Changi Rewards e-card easily with these steps: For more information on Changi Rewards, you can visit their information pagehere. If you have any other questions regarding their membership tiers and more, please visit their FAQ pagehere. To activate your Changi Pay wallet, click on the Pay button on your Changi App. After which, follow these steps: Youre all set! Tap on the Pay button on your Changi App homescreen. You will be led to sign in to your Changi Pay wallet, with your 6 digit pin. To save a voucher, you can perform the following steps: After updating to the new Changi App, you will be required to enable biometric (Face/Finger ID) login for Changi Pay again. You can do so with the following steps: If you have any other questions regarding Changi Pay, you may view their pagehere. Find out more here about using Changi Pay overseashere. You can now use Alipay+ in China with Changi Pay! To do so, simply: For more detailed steps, please refer to the guidehere. You can pay with Changi Pay by scanning the merchant's QR code, or paying with your QR code. Find out morehere. This error message received could be due to the permission settings for Changi App on your mobile device. Simply follow these steps (for iOS/Android) to resolve enable Changi App's access to your device's camera: For iOS: For Android: Please perform these troubleshooting measures: If the issue continues to persist, please email us atenquiry@changiairport.com. You can change your phone number for your Changi Account easily, via these stpes: Follow these steps and you are all set! If you have any other questions regarding Changi Pay, you may view their FAQ pagehere. Thank you for using the Changi App.Stay tuned for more exciting features and latest updates!For other app enquiries and assistance, emailenquiry@changiairport.com. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Experience the magic of Changi at your fingertips From real-time flight updates to seamless pre-booking of attractions, and from swift payments to rewarding shopping experiences, the Changi App enhances every step of your journey through Changi Airport and Jewel Changi Airport. Its not just an app; its a handy personal concierge in the palm of your hands! Check in daily to claim Comets Check in daily to claim Comets Discover key app features to plan a fuss-free trip and enjoy greater travel convenience. Discover key app features to plan a fuss-free trip and enjoy greater travel convenience. Explore a world of fun and maximise your day as you book, redeem & play with Changi App. Explore a world of fun and maximise your day as you book, redeem & play with Changi App. Unlock exclusive benefits and privileges with Changi Rewards. Unlock exclusive benefits and privileges with Changi Rewards. Pay like a local with your Changi Pay digital wallet at your favourite travel destinations. Pay like a local with your Changi Pay digital wallet at your favourite travel destinations. Check out latest enhancement and new features on the Changi App. Click here to learn more about how you can stand to win 4 business class air tickets and other instant prizes! Convenient and useful flight information, airport guides, and travel services for all your travel needs. Make a dining reservation or discover the best deals and recommendations at Changi Airport and Jewel. Personalised homepage with convenient quick links, latest happenings, and special features - curated based on your feed activity! Make payment seamlessly and earn Changi Rewards points when you activate your Changi Pay e-wallet. Manage your account, preferences, passes, perks, credits, transactions, and access more useful links and Help Centres all in one page. Find out more about each feature when you click on them! Useful flight information, alerts, and travel checklists for a smooth trip ahead. Useful flight information, alerts, and travel checklists for a smooth trip ahead. Receive timely updates on your baggage status and travel with a peace of mind. Receive timely updates on your baggage status and travel with a peace of mind. Pre-plan your day with advance bookings and redemptions for attractions and events to maximise your visit. Pre-plan your day with advance bookings and redemptions for attractions and events to maximise your visit. Spend and earn Changi Rewards points to redeem enjoy exclusive perks and benefits at Changi Airport and Jewel. Spend and earn Changi Rewards points to redeem enjoy exclusive perks and benefits at Changi Airport and Jewel. Pay and earn Changi Rewards points with a single scan. Pay and earn Changi Rewards points with a single scan. Purchase or redeem exclusive parking deals and perks. Purchase or redeem exclusive parking deals and perks. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Save flights, travel effortlessly Welcome back to the world of travel. Whether you are starting to plan for that long-awaited holiday, or are squeezing that extra pair of clothes into your luggage before your flight in a few hours' time, it's time to experience the convenience of travel - with the Changi App! Have the latest flight and airport information at your fingertips. Need reminders and live updates? Turn on notifications to receive real-time flight alerts!To begin, simply save your flight on your Changi App! Have the latest flight and airport information at your fingertips. Need reminders and live updates? Turn on notifications to receive real-time flight alerts! To begin, simply save your flight on your Changi App! Use our travel checklist to help you prepare for your upcoming trip. Travel is easier than ever before!To begin, simply save your flight on your Changi App! Use our travel checklist to help you prepare for your upcoming trip. Travel is easier than ever before! To begin, simply save your flight on your Changi App! Get your travel essentials on the app and collect them conveniently at Changi Airport before your flight.Check them out on Changi App > Fly > Flights Get your travel essentials on the app and collect them conveniently at Changi Airport before your flight. Check them out on Changi App > Fly > Flights Parking at the airport before while you travel overseas? Enjoy discounted rates by booking a "Park & Fly" coupon on the app.Check it out on Changi App > Explore > Enjoy Parking Promo Parking at the airport before while you travel overseas? Enjoy discounted rates by booking a "Park & Fly" coupon on the app. Check it out on Changi App > Explore > Enjoy Parking Promo Travel with peace of mind, and leave your baggage to us! Try out our trial service to receive live status updates on your check-in bags!Check it out on Changi App > Fly > Track Baggage Travel with peace of mind, and leave your baggage to us! Try out our trial service to receive live status updates on your check-in bags! Check it out on Changi App > Fly > Track Baggage Pay like a local with your Changi Pay digital wallet at your favourite travel destinations to enjoy competitive exchange rates and no transaction fees.Check them out on Changi App > Pay Pay like a local with your Changi Pay digital wallet at your favourite travel destinations to enjoy competitive exchange rates and no transaction fees. Check them out on Changi App > Pay Have the latest flight and airport information at your fingertips. Need reminders and live updates? Turn on notifications to receive real-time flight alerts!To begin, simply save your flight on your Changi App! Have the latest flight and airport information at your fingertips. Need reminders and live updates? Turn on notifications to receive real-time flight alerts! To begin, simply save your flight on your Changi App! Let our travel checklist help you complete preparations for a speedy arrival! You can get notifications and information on your baggage claim too.Be the first out of the airport upon your arrival with information right at your fingertips! Let our travel checklist help you complete preparations for a speedy arrival! You can get notifications and information on your baggage claim too. Be the first out of the airport upon your arrival with information right at your fingertips! Explore our wide array of activities at Changi Airport and Jewel! Book in advance to make the best out of your day!Check them out on Changi App > Explore > Book, Redeem & Play! Explore our wide array of activities at Changi Airport and Jewel! Book in advance to make the best out of your day! Check them out on Changi App > Explore > Book, Redeem & Play! Travel with peace of mind, and leave your baggage to us! Try out our trial service to receive live status updates on your check-in bags!Check it out on Changi App > Fly > Track Baggage Travel with peace of mind, and leave your baggage to us! Try out our trial service to receive live status updates on your check-in bags! Check it out on Changi App > Fly > Track Baggage DIGITAL TRAVEL AT YOUR FINGERTIPS Change foreign currenciesvia the Changi App and collect them before your flight at one of our Changi Recommends counters. Look out for Changi App exclusive promo codes when you rent Changi Wi-Fi routers to stay connected on the move! Look out for exclusive Changi App promo codes when you make your Changi Assure purchase. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
A new baggage experience awaits Travel with peace of mind, and leave your baggage to us! Try out our trial service to track the location of your bags using the Changi App WHAT'S NEW? Check out the latest and enhanced features of the Baggage Tracker on the Changi App! Personalise your baggage tracking by renaming your bags and changing your bag icons/photos. Personalise your baggage tracking by renaming your bags and changing your bag icons/photos. You can now receive more accurate baggage presentation time for your baggage collection. You can now receive more accurate baggage presentation time for your baggage collection. Be informed when your bags are loaded at upstation airports* for your transfer or arrival journeys. *Selected upstation airports only. Be informed when your bags are loaded at upstation airports* for your transfer or arrival journeys. *Selected upstation airports only. You will be informed when the first bag and last bag of your flight have been presented on the arrival belt. You will be informed when the first bag and last bag of your flight have been presented on the arrival belt. HOW TO USE THIS FEATURE Scan or enter bag tag number into the Baggage Tracker using the Changi App. You can find your bag tag number on the sticker given to you during check in. Scan or enter bag tag number into the Baggage Tracker using the Changi App. You can find your bag tag number on the sticker given to you during check in. Turn on your notifications and let Changi App keep you updated on the status of your bag(s)! Enjoy a worry-free trip as we track your bags and keep you posted. Turn on your notifications and let Changi App keep you updated on the status of your bag(s)! Enjoy a worry-free trip as we track your bags and keep you posted. If your flight is departing from Changi Airport, you will be able to track your bags from the time you check-in for your flight, up till the point your bags are loaded into the aircraft. If your flight is arriving at Changi Airport, you will be able to track your bags from the time you check-in for your flight at your flight's departing airport, up till the point your bags are delivered to the baggage claim belt at Changi Airport.* Do note that the arrival tracking feature is only available at Terminals 2, 3 and 4 for now. We are working to bring this feature to flights arriving at Terminal 1 very soon. If you have an onward connecting flight at Changi Airport,you will be able to track your bags at the following touchpoints, if the airlines you are flying with are participating in our baggage tracker service: Scan the QR code or click on the link below with your mobile device. The baggage tracker is a trial service by Changi Airport Group (CAG) to provide departing, arriving and transferring passengers with status updates of their bags as they travel through Changi Airport. When you check-in for your flight, you will receive a baggage tag stub, which will have a barcode containing your bag tag number. Bag tag numbers are between 8 and 12 characters. E.g. 10000123456, AB123456, CD98765432. Scan the barcode or type in the number into the baggage tracker service using your Changi App, and you are good to go! Your airline(s) likely are not participating in the trial at this point. If you believe that this is an error, please email enquiry@changiairport.com, or fill up the survey link found at the bottom of your bag tracker card. We are continually working with our airline partners at Changi Airport to bring as many airlines onboard as possible. Most checked-in bags will be tracked, with the exception of odd-sized bags, gate-checked bags and limited release tagged bags. Bags that need to be connected between flights, in particular those with short connecting times (e.g. due to delayed inbound flights) and bags on One-Stop Security transfer flights, may not be tracked. Up to 3 days. Yes, it's the same service and the information is largely similar, with some differences - your airline may provide you with additional information only available to them, while the Changi App Baggage Tracker may have more information displayed that is integrated with our airport facilities. The Changi App Baggage Tracker uses a combination of information provided by the airline you travel with and Changi Airports baggage system to provide you with a journey of your bags through Changi Airport. We are upgrading our arrival baggage tracking systems at Terminal 1, and hope to be able to extend this service to Terminal 1 in the near future. This means that the bags that you have checked in have been placed into containers/trolleys bound for your departing flight. Bags may be loaded at any time before the flight departs and notifications may be delayed. If you are arriving at Changi Airport and are unable to find your bag on the arrival belt, please proceed to the Lost & Found counter for more information and assistance. If you are not on an interline ticket and instead have purchased two tickets to your final destination separately, you may need to collect your bags at the arrival belt and check-in again for your departing flight at Changi Airport. We recommend that you check with the transfer counter at Changi Airport on whether your bags have been checked through to your final destination. If your flight is arriving at Changi Airport, please proceed to the arrival claim belt after disembarking from the flight to see if your bag has arrived. If the last bag notification is displayed on the TV screens at the baggage claim area, and your bags have not arrived, please proceed to the Lost & Found counters for further assistance. No, this feature is only available via the Changi App. Please email enquiry@changiairport.com, or fill up the survey link found at the bottom of your bag tracker card. *Unavailable for departure tracking.T1 arrival tracking will be made available in the near future *Unavailable for departure tracking.^Unavailable for arrival tracking. *Unavailable for departure tracking. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Book ahead,skipthe queues Book ahead,skipthe queues PRE-PLAN YOUR DAY WITH THE CHANGI APP Discover our exciting array of events, attractions and premiums around Changi Airport & Jewel all in one place. Discover our exciting array of events, attractions and premiums around Changi Airport & Jewel all in one place. Maximise your enjoyment when you unlock perks and redeem discounted passes when you spend at Changi Airport & Jewel. Maximise your enjoyment when you unlock perks and redeem discounted passes when you spend at Changi Airport & Jewel. Immerse yourself in creating endless possibilities of unforgettable memories whether youre with family, friends or even going solo. Immerse yourself in creating endless possibilities of unforgettable memories whether youre with family, friends or even going solo. FEATURES YOU'LL ENJOY Explore lesser-known and trending activities within Changi Airport and Jewel. Simply scan your Changi Rewards card for a fuss-free visit. Explore lesser-known and trending activities within Changi Airport and Jewel. Simply scan your Changi Rewards card for a fuss-free visit. Enjoy exclusive discounts when you spend at Changi Airport and Jewel. Receive perks, enjoy gift with purchases, cost-savings on special events or attraction tickets and redeem your passes for these events! Enjoy exclusive discounts when you spend at Changi Airport and Jewel. Receive perks, enjoy gift with purchases, cost-savings on special events or attraction tickets and redeem your passes for these events! Simply scan your Changi Rewards Card to earn perks, privileges, and exclusive rewards on top of your Changi Rewards points. Simply scan your Changi Rewards Card to earn perks, privileges, and exclusive rewards on top of your Changi Rewards points. View your passes and perks with ease, conveniently located in your Account page, allowing you to access all your rewards at one go. View your passes and perks with ease, conveniently located in your Account page, allowing you to access all your rewards at one go. Scan the QR code to start exploring Changi App now! Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Dine in comfort,savourgreat deals Dine in comfort,savourgreat deals MAKE RESERVATIONS EASILY WITH CHOPE ON CHANGI APP Explore delicious restaurants across Changi Airport and Jewel, ranging from home-grown eateries to international cuisines. Explore delicious restaurants across Changi Airport and Jewel, ranging from home-grown eateries to international cuisines. Select from a list of specially curated restaurants, and make reservations in one click on the Changi App. Select from a list of specially curated restaurants, and make reservations in one click on the Changi App. Leave the worry of finding a suitable restaurant and available seats for dining to us! Make reservations ahead, and enjoy the time you have when you visit us. Leave the worry of finding a suitable restaurant and available seats for dining to us! Make reservations ahead, and enjoy the time you have when you visit us. EXCLUSIVE CHOPE DEALS Browse from our list of Chope deals when you dine at Changi Airport & Jewel, to enjoy discounts of up to 50%! Scan the QR code to start exploring dining options on the Changi App now! Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
View all trending topics and new issues View all trending topics and new issues FAQS & GUIDES Thank you for using the Changi App.Stay tuned for more exciting features and latest updates!For other app enquiries and assistance, emailenquiry@changiairport.com. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
MONTHLY APPSCAPADE WINNERS Check our our past winners and the saved flight that won them 4 Business Class Air Tickets! This could be you! Start saving your flights now to enter our monthly draw. Saved flight: SIN -----> BOM4X Business Class Air Tickets toIreland! Saved flight: SIN -----> BOM 4X Business Class Air Tickets toIreland! Saved flight: SIN -----> TPE4x Business Class Air Tickets toCape Town! Saved flight: SIN -----> TPE 4x Business Class Air Tickets toCape Town! Saved flight: SIN -----> BOM4x Business Class Air Tickets toBeijing! Saved flight: SIN -----> BOM 4x Business Class Air Tickets toBeijing! Saved flight: SIN -----> KIX4x Business Class Air Tickets toVancouver! Saved flight: SIN -----> KIX 4x Business Class Air Tickets toVancouver! Saved flight: SIN -----> PER4 x Business Class Air Tickets toMorocco! Saved flight: SIN -----> PER 4 x Business Class Air Tickets toMorocco! Saved flight: SIN -----> DOH4 x Business Class Air Tickets toChristchurch! Saved flight: SIN -----> DOH 4 x Business Class Air Tickets toChristchurch! SUPPORTING AIRLINES READ FULL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Not On CHangi App Yet? Learn more about Changi App Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
ARE YOU READY FOR TAKE OFF? From 4 November 2024 to 5 January 2025, join us as we prepare to blast off into a galaxy of excitement and rewards. Hop onto your Mission Rockets, redeem prizes at the Meteor Mart, and gear up for the ultimate Asteroid Challenge with our new gamification experience theSPACE APPXPLORER! Whats more? ExploreSPACE APPVENTURE @ ST3PSwhere you can discovermore fun and suprises such as interactive play area, photo opportunities, chances to win exclusive Changi App merchandises, attraction passes, and more! Check out how you can blast off into a cosmic adventure with exclusive gifts, Changi Rewards points, attraction passes, and more! Collect daily free Comets and unlock bonus Comets on Changi App to exchange for gifts at the Meteor Mart.From exclusive merchandises, to attraction passes, iShopChangi vouchers and Changi Rewards points, be sure to exchange them before inventory runs out!Oh, did we mention special surprise drops? Make sure you check back often! Collect daily free Comets and unlock bonus Comets on Changi App to exchange for gifts at the Meteor Mart.From exclusive merchandises, to attraction passes, iShopChangi vouchers and Changi Rewards points, be sure to exchange them before inventory runs out!Oh, did we mention special surprise drops? Make sure you check back often! Unlock Mission Passes by shopping and dining at Changi Airport, booking an activity pass, or simply saving your flight.Each Mission pass entitles you to a chance in the Rocket Rush where you stand to win up to 100 bonus Comets.Accumulate sufficient Comets to exchange for gifts or extra lives in the Asteroid Challenge, before they run out on the Meteor Mart! Unlock Mission Passes by shopping and dining at Changi Airport, booking an activity pass, or simply saving your flight. Each Mission pass entitles you to a chance in the Rocket Rush where you stand to win up to 100 bonus Comets. Accumulate sufficient Comets to exchange for gifts or extra lives in the Asteroid Challenge, before they run out on the Meteor Mart! Race through Mars to avoid obstacles and hit high scores by collecting XP tokens.Enjoy daily free plays or receive extra lives from friends to emerge among the Top 50 high scores on the Final Leaderboard and win up to 1,000,000 Changi Rewards points.Are you ready to take on this challenge? Race through Mars to avoid obstacles and hit high scores by collecting XP tokens. Enjoy daily free plays or receive extra lives from friends to emerge among the Top 50 high scores on the Final Leaderboard and win up to 1,000,000 Changi Rewards points. Are you ready to take on this challenge? An out-of-this-world adventure awaits you here at Changi Airport! Have some family fun at the interactive activity zone, strike poses at our space stations, and learn more rewarding tips and tricks about Changi App. Location: ST3PS @ Terminal 3, Basement 2 Capture your cosmic journey at our Space Odyssey Photo Zone! Strike a pose in front of a galactic illusion or snap a shot with breathtaking planets and galaxies as your backdrop. Your next photo could be truly stellar! Terminal 3, Basement 2 (next to TheJellyHearts) Capture your cosmic journey at our Space Odyssey Photo Zone! Strike a pose in front of a galactic illusion or snap a shot with breathtaking planets and galaxies as your backdrop. Your next photo could be truly stellar! Terminal 3, Basement 2 (next to TheJellyHearts) Climb the stairway surrounded by the galaxy and futuristic spaceships, and join the Changi App space crew in the new gamification experience - the Space APPxplorer.Look out for hidden QR codes in the universe, and you might just find a free space souvenir, attraction passes and more. May your lucky star shine! Terminal 3, Basement 2, ST3PS Climb the stairway surrounded by the galaxy and futuristic spaceships, and join the Changi App space crew in the new gamification experience - the Space APPxplorer.Look out for hidden QR codes in the universe, and you might just find a free space souvenir, attraction passes and more. May your lucky star shine! Terminal 3, Basement 2, ST3PS Step into an ultimate space adventure where your mission is to avoid the fiery meteor lava and make it to safety. Test your agility, speed, and stellar reflexes in this free interactive activity suitable for children and the child in you! Terminal 3, Basement 1, ST3PS Step into an ultimate space adventure where your mission is to avoid the fiery meteor lava and make it to safety. Test your agility, speed, and stellar reflexes in this free interactive activity suitable for children and the child in you! Terminal 3, Basement 1, ST3PS Discover more activities at ST3PS------> What is Space APPxplorer? From 4 November 2024 to 5 January 2025, join the Changi App space crew as we prepare to blast off into a galaxy of excitement. As a Space APPxplorer, you can check in daily and complete missions to collect Comets and redeem a variety of attractive gifts from Meteor Mart. You can also participate in the Asteroid Challenge where Top 50 players with final highest accumulated scores to stand to win up to 1,000,000 Changi Rewards points (worth $5,000)! Is Space APPxplorer free to play? Yes! The Space APPxplorer Game is open to all registered Changi App users with a valid and active Changi account. You may download the app and sign up for an account for free.Who may participate in Space APPxplorer?All eligible Changi account holders with verified and active membership status may participate. All participants also must be at least 18 years old at the time of participation. Refer to full Terms & Conditionshere.How do I participate in Space APPxplorer?You can participate in Space APPxplorer by following these steps:1. Download the Changi App2. Sign up and log in to a verified Changi account3. Enter Space APPxplorer via Changi App > Account4. Create an in-game usernameOnce done, you are all good to APPxplore the space for more fun and rewards!Why am I unable to see Space APPxplorer on my Changi App?Please ensure that you are updated to the latest app version (v3.15.0) of Changi App on your Apple/Google Play Store. You can access the Space APPxplorer game page by following these steps: 1. Click on "Account" on the bottom navigation bar2. Select the banner "Space APPxplorer" If you are still unable to access the Space APPxplorer, please reach out to us atenquiry@changiairport.comWhy do I need to create a username? This is to provide an identifier for your participation. Your username will be used for your in-game friends interactions as well as leaderboard ranking.Can I change my username? Youll get to create your username only once at the start of your Space APPxplorer journey. Once confirmed, you will not be able to change itWhat is Daily Comets Streak? Daily Comets Streak rewards you for your daily visits at the Space Station. Collect more Comets when you sustain a 7-day streak, by simply tapping on the Claim Todays Comets button without missing a day!What is Asteroid Challenge? Asteroid Challenge is a free-to-play interactive game where you earn XPs by collecting tokens and avoiding obstacles. All Space APPxplorers are entitled to 4 free lives (1 live = 1 gameplay) to accumulate XPs. The objective is to climb the Leaderboard, and emerge among the Top 50 accumulated scores to win up to 1 million Changi Rewards points.What is Rocket Rush? Rocket Rush is an instant game of luck where you stand to win different denominations of Comets by simply tapping on a rocket as they dash across the screen. For every mission completed, you will be awarded a Mission Pass to play this instant game. Comets collected from Rocket Rush can be accumulated to redeem for prizes in the Meteor Mart.What are Mission Pass and Comet? A Mission Pass is obtained with every completed mission, and it refers to eligible game plays for Rocket Rush; while Comets are the in-game currency, which canbe used to redeem gifts in Meteor Mart. What are Missions? These are in-app actions that you can complete to earn a Mission Pass to play Rocket Rush.Can I complete the missions more than once per day? Yes. However, do note that Mission Passes for each Mission may be limited to daily or monthly cap.Which stores are eligible for the Shop & Dine mission?Participating retail and F&B outlets in Changi Airport and Jewel Changi Airport, and online purchases made on iShopChangi are eligible. All purchases or transactions made at service outlets are excluded. For more information, please refer to our Terms & Conditionshere.Which experience, attraction or amenities are eligible for the Book, Redeem & Play mission? All experiences, attractions and amenities bookings via the Book, Redeem & Play feature on Changi App are eligible, except for bookings in the Transit Exclusives category and the following amenities: For more information, please refer to our Terms & Conditionshere.How do I complete the Save my Flight mission?Here are the steps to save your flight on Changi App:1. Click on Search & Save Flights on the Changi App Explore tab2. Search and saveyour departure flight at least 24 hours in advanceDo ensure you have a username profile created on the Space APPxplorer prior to completing this mission in order to be credited a Mission Pass. If you have an existing departureflight saved, you may un-save your flight and save it again after creating your username profile.For this mission, you are only allowed a maximum of 1 Mission Pass each monthHow do I check on the number of Mission Passes I have? You may check the number of Mission Passes you have via Changi App > Account. What is the Weekly Leaderboard? The Weekly leaderboard is determined by the total XPs accumulated for the week. Itdoes not include XPs accumulated in the previous weeks. Check your weekly position to assess your chances of making it onto the Final Leaderboard!When does the Weekly Leaderboard refresh? The Weekly Leaderboard is updated daily at 12:00 PM.How are the Final Top 50 Winners on the Final Leaderboard determined? The final winners are determined by the total accumulated XPs throughout the entire game period from 4 November 2024 to 5 January 2025.Can I earn Comets in Asteroid Challenge? No, you can only earn XP in this game. Comets can, however, be used to exchange for extra Lives to improve your XP score with additional gameplays.How do I unlock a new character? A new character will be revealed bi-weekly and there are a total of 4 characters. You must have accumulated sufficient XPs in order to unlock a new character.How do I select my character? You will be prompted to select your character before the start of every round of Asteroid Challenge.What is the Star Surge Bonus? By playing the Asteroid Challenge between 8:00 PM and 9:00 PM daily, you will score Double the XP!How do I get more lives? By adding friends through the Friend feature, not only will both you and your friends earn 10 Comets each (capped at maximum of 100 Comets), they would also be able to share their available lives with you (maximum 1 life from each friend per day). Alternatively, you can also redeem additional lives from the Meteor Mart by using the Comets you have collected. How do I add a friend? Go to Friends, copy the invite link and simply send it to a friend via WhatsApp, Telegram or any other platforms you prefer.Do ensure your friend accepts your invite by clicking on the link, and proceed to have his/her username profile created in order for the referral to be completed.Can I see my friends total XP scores? No. However, Top 50 players will have their username and scores reflected on the Weekly / Final Leaderboard.Can I send my friend more than 1 life per day? No, you can only send 1 life to each friend per day. However, you can send all your available lives to different friends. What gifts can be exchanged with Comets? With sufficient Comets collected, you may exchange for available gifts from the Meteor Mart, on a first-come, first-served basis.Where can I find my gifts in my account? Changi Rewards points redeemed will be credited to your registered Changi Rewards account used to play Space APPxplorer. For other gifts such as merchandises, eVouchers and activity passes, please find instructions for redemption issued via Changi App > Account > Vouchers, Prizes and Redemptions.How can I go about collecting merchandises redeemed from Meteor Mart? Collection of physical gifts, will be from theCustomer Service Counterlocated atChangi Airport Terminal 3 Basement 2(opposite NTUC FairPrice), between 10am and 10.30pm, daily. All prizes have to be collected by 5 January 2025.For eVouchers and activity passes redeemed, please refer to yourVouchers, Prizes and Redemptionspage in the Account tab on Changi App for redemption instructions.When will the Final Leaderboard winners of the Asteroid Challenge be released? The final Top 50 winners for Asteroid Challenge will be released between 6 to 31 January 2025.I am an Asteroid Challenge Top 50 winner, when will my Changi Rewards points be credited? Asteroid Challenge winners will have the Changi Rewards points automatically credited into their account within 30 days following the winners announcement.How do I check if my Changi Rewards points have been successfully credited? You may check your Points Transaction via the Changi App > Account.Can I refund or exchange the gifts that I have redeemed? All gifts are non-refundable and non-exchangeable. What should I do if I am experiencing difficulty using the Changi App? Please ensure that you are updated to the latest app version of Changi App on your Apple / Google Play Store before trying to restart your app under strong internet connectivity. If the problem persists, please visit our Help Centreherefor more troubleshooting measures or emailenquiry@changiairport.com. 1.ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS1.1. By participating in the Changi AppSpace APPxplorer game (the Game), each Participant confirms that he/she has read, understood and agrees to be bound by these terms & conditions set out herein, including any other requirements set out in any Game-related promotional material, and all amendments, additions, replacements and modifications thereto as may be made from time to time (the Terms and Conditions).1.2. This Game is organised and administered by Changi Airport Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd (CAG).1.3. As a condition of participation in the Game, each Participant affirms and represents that he/she is at least 18 years of age and agrees to be bound in all respects by these Terms and Conditions. If a Participant is below 18 years old, he/she must and will be deemed to have in any event, obtained consent from his parent(s) or legal guardian(s), their acceptance of these Terms and Conditions and their agreement to take responsibility for his/her acts and omissions in connection with his/her participation in the Game and/or use of the Prize(s), as the case may be. 2.ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA 2.1. This Game is open to participants who are: a. Changi account holders with verified and active membership status b. are aged 18 years and above (as at the date of their participating in the Game); and c. are not persons within theExcluded Categories.(each a Participant and collectively the Participants) Excluded Categories refer to:a.Directors and employees of CAGs appointed agencies, vendors, auditors (which include Meet Isaac Pte Ltd and FPT Asia Pacific Pte Ltd) and any other persons who are involved in organising, and/or administering the Game;b. Immediate family members of persons who fall within the class of persons referred to above. Immediate family members refer to spouses, children, parents, parents-in-law and siblings;c. Any person who is or becomes insane, deceased, insolvent or is the subject of a criminal investigation, or has criminal proceedings instituted against him/her in any jurisdiction (at the time of participation);d. Any person whose participation in and/or association with the Game may cause (in the sole and absolute opinion of CAG) and/or the Game, any disrepute, contempt, scandal, ridicule, or cause CAG and/or the Game to be perceived unfavourably; ande. Any other person or class of persons deemed ineligible or notified by CAG as being ineligible from time to time.2.2.CAG reserves the right (in its sole and absolute discretion) to determine the eligibility of any person in relation to the Game, and CAG may at any time during the Game refuse or disqualify any person from participating in the Game without providing any reason if it determines that such person does not meet the eligibility criteria above.3.MECHANICS AND CONDITIONS OF PARTICIPATION3.1The Game shall commence from 4 November 2024 (0000hrs, Singapore Time) and end on 5 January 2025 (2359hrs, Singapore Time) (the Game Period).3.2To participate in the Game, each Participant shall:a. Have downloaded the Changi mobile application (App);b.Signed up and logged in to a verified Changi account;c.Created an in-game username in Space Appxplorer. 3.3Eligible participants can participate in any or all of the following key modules of the Game based on the respective qualifying criteria and mechanics as set out below.Daily Comets Streak3.4Participants can collect free Comets once every day by tapping on the CLAIM TODAYS COMETS button in the Game.3.5The number of Comets collected will increase daily for Participants with every daily check-in sustained up to a maximum streak of seven (7) days. At the end of seven (7) days, the streak will reset and the count will restart from Day 1. If a Participant misses a check-in at any point in time, their streak will reset and the count will restart from Day 1.3.6Crediting of Comets in the Daily Comets Streak is instant, where successful collection will be reflected. Retrospective crediting of Comets for Daily Comets Streak is not permissible, and CAG will not entertain any requests, claims, demands or correspondence for retrospective crediting of Comets resulting from network connectivity issues or technical errors.Missions and Rocket Rush3.7Participants can complete specific missions (as detailed below) for the opportunity to play an instant chance game (the Rocket Rush) at any time during the Game Period.3.8Upon successful completion of a mission, Participant will be automatically credited with one (1) Mission Pass, and each Mission Pass entitles the Participant to a single chance in the Rocket Rush game play. Participants may choose to participate in the Rocket Rush instant game at any time during the Game Period, and which may be a date that is different from the date which they are credited with a Mission Pass.3.9Mission Passes and entry to Rocket Rush gameplay are only accessible via the Changi App and Participants may choose to utilise any available Mission Pass(es) and participate in Rocket Rush at any time during the Game Period.3.10By playing the Rocket Rush instant chance game, Participant stand to win Comets issued by the system, at varying denominations. Participant may receive the same or a different number of Comets at every game play. The number of Comets a Participant may win will be determined by an electronic draw system, programmed to randomly generate and dispense Comets in varying denominations. The odds of winning each denomination are calculated based on a pre-configured prize cap and are viewable instantly once the Rocket Rush game concludes.3.11.To complete the Shop & Dine mission and to receive a Mission Pass:a. Participant shall spend a minimum of SGD10.00 (Qualifying Spend) in a single receipt at (i) Singapore Changi Airport Terminals 1, 2, 3 or 4; or (ii)JewelChangi Airport; or (iii) online on www.ishopchangi.com ("iShopChangi") during the Game Period.b.Participants are required to scan their Rewards Card in their Changi App or log in to their Changi account (for iShopChangi purchases) at the point of purchase, for Qualifying Spend to be captured by the Game. Retrospective claims for Mission Passes will not be entertained and is strictly not permissible.c.A maximum of one (1) Mission Pass will be issued per transaction that meets the Qualifying Spend, regardless of spend amount.d.For Qualifying Spend made online via iShopChangi, the transaction(s) must be concluded, and (in the case of physical collection of the purchased items) collected, by 2359hrs (SGT) on 5 January 2025.e.Subject to point (f) and (g) of this Clause 3.11 below, all purchases and/or transactions made at participating retail, food and beverage (F&B) outlets, in both transit and public areas of Singapore Changi Airport (including arrival baggage claim outlets), Jewel Changi Airport and online purchases made on iShopChangi are eligible to constitute the Qualifying Spend for the Promotion.f.In determining the total Qualifying Spend, net spend per transaction will be considered and the following spending shall be excluded: - Amounts paid using vouchers (including Capitaland vouchers, Changi Dollar Vouchers, e-Changi Dollar Vouchers, Changi Rewards eVouchers, Jewel Gift Vouchers and/or Changi Gift Cards); and/or - Amounts paid for the purchase of tobacco and/or tobacco products (including without limitation cigarettes, cigars, or any other form of tobacco, any tobacco derivative or substitute, any mixture containing any form of tobacco or a tobacco derivative or tobacco substitute). g.Additionally, all purchases and/or transactions made at service outlets and at the following outlets at Singapore Changi Airport and Jewel Changi Airport, are excluded and do not constitute Qualifying Spend for the Game: - Banks- Money changing facilities- Medical clinics- Top-up card machines - Postal services & Post-on-Wheels - Lounges (Bank / Airline / Ambassador / Pay-per-use lounges) - Transit Hotels - Hotel reservation counters - Airport shuttle and transportation counters - Car Rental - Changi Recommends outlets and service counters - Passenger meeting services counters - Left luggage service counters - Telecommunication outlets and service counters (e.g. M1) - Temporary outposts - Crowne Plaza Hotel (including all retail, F&B or service within the hotel premises) and YOTELAIR Singapore Changi Airport - Tour and travel services - Apple Store in Jewel Changi Airport - Online purchases made in Jewel Changi Airport. The list of participating outlets in the Game is subject to change by CAG at its discretion without prior notice.3.12.To complete the Book, Redeem & Play mission and to receive a Mission Pass:a. Participant shall make a successful experience, attraction, or amenities booking via the Book, Redeem & Play feature on Changi App under the Explore Changi section (Qualifying Booking). b. A maximum of one (1) Mission Pass will be issued per Qualifying Booking transaction, regardless of the number of experience, attraction, or amenities booked. c. The Qualifying Booking must be concluded and utilised by 2359hrs (SGT) on 5 January 2025. d. All bookings for Transit Exclusives category, and the following amenities are excluded and do not constitute a Qualifying Booking for the Game: -Free Bicycle Rides-Showerand Dine at Hub & Spoke Lounge -The Gym Pod3.13.To complete the Save Your Flight mission and to receive a Mission Pass:a.Participant shall save a Departure flight at least 24 hours before their scheduled departure time via the Changi App.b.Each Participant is only entitled to receive a maximum of one (1) Mission Pass for each month during the Game Period, regardless of the number of flights saved.c.Participants must create a username profile prior to the saving of any Departure flights. Flight(s) saved prior to the creation of username profile in the Game will not entitle Participants to a Mission Pass.3.14.To complete the exclusive Staff Perks mission and to receive a Mission Pass: a.Participant shall be registered under the Changi Rewards Staff Programme and have access to browse and enjoy exclusive Staff Perks on the Changi App. b.Participant shall discover and click on the Space Appxplorer tile listed on the Staff Perks page to receive one (1) Mission Pass per day.Meteor Mart3.15.Participant may exchange Comets collected from the Game for incentives (each, a Gift and collectively, Gifts) available on the in-game prize shop (the Meteor Mart) at any time during the Game Period. All gifts available for redemption and/or exchange will be listed in the Meteor Mart.3.16.To exchange for Gifts in the Meteor Mart, Participant shall have collected sufficient Comets corresponding to the Comets requirement for each Gift. The corresponding number of Comets for each selected Gift shall be deducted from the Participant upon every Gift issuance. Gifts listed on the Meteor Mart are limited in quantity, and shall be issued on a first come, first served and while-stocks-last basis. There may also be gifts that are available on a limited-time basis. No compensation shall be payable for Participants with untilised Comets any time, or at the end of the Game Period. 3.17 All Gifts are subject to additional terms and conditions as stated in the Changi App and/or upon issuance. Participant must refer to the redemption instructions to redeem or utilise each Gift.3.18 Gifts in the form of physical items (i.e. premiums or merchandises) shall be collected from the Customer Service Counter located at Changi Airport Terminal 3 Basement 2 (opposite NTUC FairPrice), between 10am and 10.30pm, daily, within the Game Period; unless otherwise stated.Asteroid Challenge and Leaderboard3.19.During the Game Period, Participant can play an interactive game (the Asteroid Challenge) to compete for a position ranking on the scoreboard (the Leaderboard) to win a prize as set out below (each, a Prize and collectively, the Prizes).3.20.The Participants with the top fifty (50) highest accumulated scores (measured in XP accumulated) from the Asteroid Challenge (the Winners) as of 5 January 2025, 2359 hours, will win the following Prizes in order of sequence: -1st Ranking Position (Top Score): 1,000,000 Changi Rewards Points - 2nd Position: 500,000 Changi Rewards Points - 3rd Position: 200,000 Changi Rewards Points - 4th Position: 100,000 Changi Rewards Points - 5th to 10th Position: 10,000 Changi Rewards Points each - 11th to 30th Position: 5,000 Changi Rewards Points each - 31st to 50th Position: 2,000 Changi Rewards Points each3.21.Participant shall be entitled to four (4) free game plays (each denoted by a Life) daily, refreshed at 0000hr (Singapore Time) during the Game period. Additional game play(s) can be requested with the Friend feature in the Game or exchanged with Comets in the Meteor Mart.3.22.XPs achieved from Practice mode are not considered and have no bearing on the Leaderboard.3.23Participant may check their ranking on the Weekly Leaderboard which will be updated daily, at 1200 hours (Singapore Time). Participants ranking on the Weekly Leaderboard is determined by total XPs accumulated during a calendar week (fromMonday 0000hr to Sunday 2359hr, Singapore time) and does not include XPs accumulated in the preceding week(s) -if any.3.24.The Winners will be revealed on the Final Leaderboard at the end of the Game Period, from 1200hr (Singapore Time) on 6 January 2025 to 2359hr (Singapore Time) on 31 January 2025.3.25.All Prizes, in the form of Changi Rewards Points, will be automatically credited into the Winners Changi account within thirty (30) days following the end of the Game period, or such other later date as may be determined by CAG and/or notified on its official website.Friends3.26.Participant can receive ten (10) Comets, up to a maximum of one hundred (100) Comets, by adding or inviting Friend(s) to the Game during the Game Period (the Friend Incentives").3.27.Friend Incentives will be automatically credited to both the Participant and the Friend upon successful qualification as defined by the following: a.Participant shall add or invite Friend(s) to the Game using the unique link found in the Friend feature.b.Added or invited Friend(s), subject to the Eligibility Criteria as stated in Clause 2, is required to join the Game with successful creation of username, using the invite link.3.28.Participants also have the option of sharing one (1) of their Asteroid Challenge Lives with one (1) selected Friend, every day, during the Game Period.General3.29.All Gifts and Prizes are non-negotiable, non-transferable, non-refundable and non-exchangeable for cash, credit, goods or benefits-in-kind. No compensation shall be payable if a Participant is unable to use a Gift or Prize, fails to use the Gift or Prize or fails to collect the Gift or Prize in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Game. There shall be strictly no refund or exchange for any Gift or Prize (whether used or unused).3.30.All Changi Rewards points awarded by the Game will be automatically credited into the Participants Changi account. The use and redemption of the Changi Rewards points is subject to the Changi Rewards Programme Terms and Conditions (https://rewards.changiairport.com/en/terms-and-conditions.html).3.31.All Participants whose Comets, Gifts or Prizes have been unclaimed, unredeemed or forfeited hereunder shall not be entitled to any payment or compensation. CAG reserves the right to use the unclaimed, unredeemed or forfeited Gifts and/or Prizes for any purposes deemed appropriate, including but not limited to redistribution or other promotional activities.3.32.CAG reserves the right to not issue any Comets, Gifts or Prizes or to claw back any Comets, Gift or Prize awarded if CAG has reasonable grounds for believing that the Participant has engaged in fraud or if the Participant did not comply with any part of the Game Terms and Conditions, and in all circumstances CAGs decision shall be final.3.33CAG may at any time in its sole and absolute discretion, substitute the Gifts or Prizes mentioned in the Game Terms and Conditions with any other item of equivalent or similar value, without prior notice or reason or being liable to any person.3.34The Gifts and Prizes are provided on an as-is basis. To the full extent permissible by law, CAG disclaims all warranties, conditions or representations, express or implied, with respect to the Gifts and Prizes, including but not limited to all warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. 4.PERSONAL DATA & PRIVACY 4.1Participation in the Game requires the processing of Participants personal data, including full name, Game username, date of birth, email address, personal mobile number, home address, flight details, as well as booking and transaction history. Information that is sent automatically by Participants web browser, computer, mobile phone, tablet or other device, if applicable, may also be collected.4.2CAG may use Participants personal data for the purposes of administering the Game, promoting and announcing the Winners, matching personal data collected through this Game with other data CAG holds about the Participant to optimise operations and improve the services offered (such as providing relevant and personalised content) to Participant via the registered mobile or email address provided; statistical analysis; and for CAG to fulfil its obligations under these Terms &Conditions (the Relevant Purposes). CAG may also disclose such personal data to any of its subsidiaries, affiliates, service providers and/or agents for the Relevant Purposes.4.3By participating in the Game, Participants consent to CAGs collection, use, disclosure, storage and other processing of any personal data provided in accordance with the Singapore Personal Data Protection Act 2012 and CAGs Privacy Policy (https://www.changiairport.com/en/privacy-policy.html).4.4Each Participant represents and warrants that any personal data the Participant discloses to CAG is complete and accurate. CAG shall not be held liable and shall be fully indemnified by you for any incorrect or inaccurate personal data provided.4.5To promote and advertise the Game, CAG reserves the right to engage authorised photographers and videographers to take photographs and/or video recordings of Participants and/or Winners at point of Gift collection and/or event area located at Changi Airport. By participating in the Game, Participants consent to being photographed and recorded by authorised photographers and videographers as customers participating in the Game and consent to the use of such images, films or recordings for public transmission and for the marketing and publicity materials of Changi Airport. To the fullest extent permitted by law, CAG shall not be liable in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, for any direct loss, indirect or consequential loss, damage, cost and expense, or loss or profits, arising out of or in connection with the Game.4.6By accepting a Gift or Prize, Participant consents to the collection and public disclosure of the Participants full name and image recordings for audit, publicity and/or commercial purposes in relation to any and all of CAG promotional and marketing activities, including this Game. Participant further agrees to participate in any advertising, promotion, media interviews and publicity activities stipulated by CAG in relation to the Game, and to provide and permit the use of their personal data for any future marketing efforts and media publicity by CAGs promotional and marketing activities. Accordingly, unless otherwise permitted by CAG, failure to comply or refusal to agree with this clause shall result in disqualification and forfeiture of all relevant Gifts or Prizes.5.LIABILITY AND INDEMNITY5.1.CAG shall not be responsible or liable for any problems with the network, mobile device hardware, software or breakdown or failures that affects Participants participation and experience of the Game. 5.2.To the fullest extent permitted by law, CAG shall not be liable in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, for any direct loss, indirect or consequential loss, damage, cost and expense, or loss or profits, arising out of or in connection with the Game, save and except for any personal injury or death caused by the negligence of CAG and its employees. 5.3.CAG shall not be held liable or responsible for any disputes that Participants may have with our Partners or any other third parties, regarding the use of the prizes. 5.4.Participants agree that they will indemnify and hold harmless CAG, and its directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors (each an Indemnified Party) from and against all claims, demands, chose in action, judgments, suits, proceedings, liabilities, costs, expenses, damages and losses (including but not limited to any direct, indirect or consequential losses, loss of profit, loss of reputation and all interest, penalties, legal costs (calculated on a full indemnity basis and including solicitor and client costs) and all other professional costs and expenses) suffered or incurred by an Indemnified Party arising out of or in connection with their participation in the Game. 6.GENERAL TERMS & CONDITIONS6.1.CAG may at any time in its absolute discretion (without assigning any reasons or justifications):a.Refuse the participation of any person in the Game and/or disqualify any Participant for any reason whatsoever, including but not limited to unsafe or unruly behavior that may result in harm or damage to that person or any other persons;b.Disregard any improper, late, or retrospective claims for Comets, Mission Passes, Gifts, or Prizes in relation to the Game; and/orc. Modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Game without prior notice. 6.2.CAG reserves the right to change or vary these Terms and Conditions as it deems fit, without prior notice. Should any dispute arise, CAGs decision on all matters relatingto the Game and these Terms and Conditions is final, conclusive and binding on all participants and no correspondence will be entertained.6.3.CAG makes no representation, warranty or undertaking whatsoever as to any implied terms or conditions or as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of any content or information regarding the Game contained on its official website, or on any the Game-related . All information is accurate at time of print/publishing. CAG shall not be liable for any dissatisfaction, damages, loss, injury or inconvenience arising from the materials published or printed in relation to the Game.6.4.CAG reserves the right to amend, modify or delete any content and information regarding the Game on its official website or on any Game-related ; to correct any errors in any notified Game mechanics, or the Game results and Winners and to vary or amend these Terms & Conditions at any time, without providing any prior notice. Any such changes shall be effective and binding once it has been updated on CAGs official website. CAG accepts no liabilities arising from or in connection with these corrections or amendments,including without limitation any liabilities from the change in the Winners resulting from the correction.6.5.In the event of any inconsistency between these Terms & Conditions and any other form of publicity collaterals relating to the Game, these Terms & Conditions shall prevail.6.6.These Terms & Conditions may be translated into another language other than English. In the event of any inconsistency between the English version and any other translation hereof, the English language version shall prevail.6.7.All Winners will be selected at CAGs discretion based on the rules or criteria set for the Game. CAG is not obliged to entertain any correspondence relating to the decisions of CAG.6.8.The Game and these Terms and Conditions shall be construed and governed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Singapore. All Participants hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore courts in the determination of any matter or dispute arising in connection with the Game and/or the Game Terms and Conditions.6.9.These Terms and Conditions are not intended to confer rights to any third party under the Singapore Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 2001 to enforce any provision of these Terms and Conditions, and the operation of the said Act is hereby excluded. Learn more about Changi App EXPLORE CHANGI FESTIVE VILLAGE Celebrate the festive season with Hello Kitty and Friends at Changi Airport! Redeem a Hello Kitty and Friends premium from S$12.90 and enjoy up to S$20 off your next purchase! Accumulate spend and receive a complimentary Sanrio Gift Set. Accumulate spend and receive a complimentary Sanrio Gift Set. Get ready for a fun day out with exciting rides, games and limited edition merchandise to be won! T3 PublicLevel 1Open Everyday Spot the 8-metre-tall Hello Kitty and soak in the festive spirit as the snow falls. Meet Hello Kitty and Friends on selected weekends for an unmissable photo opportunity! T3 PublicLevel 2Open Everyday Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
If you are browsing from your desktop or tablet, scan the QR code below to download the Changi App. If you are already browsing from your mobile phone, please use one of the links below! Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Earn points and enjoy benefits when you shop and dine at Changi Airport. Earn points and enjoy benefits when you shop and dine at Changi Airport. Fly high to more privileges with Changi Rewards. Fly high to more privileges with Changi Rewards. Enjoy exclusive promotions by presenting your Jewel Privilege Card at participating outlets. Collect your card today at Level 1 Concierge Counter! Enjoy exclusive promotions by presenting your Jewel Privilege Card at participating outlets. Collect your card today at Level 1 Concierge Counter! Stay up-to-date with the unique and exclusive events that members are invited to. Stay up-to-date with the unique and exclusive events that members are invited to. MY REWARDS Get the most of changi rewards Help and Resource Centre Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Keep track of all rewards in your account here. Keep track of all rewards in your account here. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Conditions of Use of Airport Services and Facilities Conditions of Use Document CONDITIONS OF ACCESS OF WEBSITE Access to this Website is granted by Changi Airport Group. By accessing and using this Changi Airport Group Website and its Max Chatbot, you signify that you have read and you agree to all of these conditions and notices without modification. If you do not agree with any of these conditions, please discontinue access immediately. This Changi Airport Group Website and Max Chatbot is owned and operated by Changi Airport Group. Access toand use ofthis Changi Airport Group Website and Max Chatbot, and the information and services available are subject to the following conditions. This Changi Airport Group Website and Max Chatbot contains links to websites also operated by Changi Airport Group. Your use of each Changi Airport Group Website is also subject to Conditions of Access, if any, contained therein. If any of the conditions here contradict with the conditions contained in any of these other websites operated by Changi Airport Group, then the conditions in these other websites operated by Changi Airport Group shall prevail when you access/use them. You may download one copy of the material on this Changi Airport Group Website, but only on a single computer and only for your own personal and non-commercial use, provided that 1. All copies must bear the relevant copyright, trademark and/or other proprietary notice located on this Changi Airport Group Website; and 2. You shall not modify, reformat, copy, reproduce, display, distribute, publish, transmit, post, upload, licence, create derivative works from, hyperlink, store in any information retrieval system, transfer in any manner or sell any of the material, without written permission from Changi Airport Group. This means, among other things, that you must not insert a hyperlink to this Changi Airport Group Website on any other website or 'mirror' on your own Website, the home page or other pages ofor materials inthis or any Changi Airport Group Website or their respective links. You shall not use this Changi Airport Group Website, its links or Max Chatbot for any purpose that is illegal, unlawful or prohibited by these Conditions of Access. Changi Airport Group reserves the right to deny anyone at anytime access to thisor any otherChangi Airport Group Website or Max Chatbot without notice or need to assign any reason whatsoever. THE CONTENT (INCLUDING THIRD PARTY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES) OFOR ACCESSIBLE THROUGHTHIS CHANGI AIRPORT GROUP WEBSITE,ALL OTHER CHANGI AIRPORT GROUP WEBSITES AND MAX CHATBOT ARE PROVIDED: 3. "AS IS", "AS AVAILABLE" AND ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU; AND 4. WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CHANGI AIRPORT GROUP OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR SUBSIDIARIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDINGBUT NOT LIMITED TOANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, PROFITS, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLES, OR THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES ARISING OUT OFOR RELATED TOTHE USE, INABILITY TO USE, UNAUTHORISED USE, PERFORMANCE OR NON-PERFORMANCE OFOR RELIANCE UPONTHIS OR ANY OTHER CHANGI AIRPORT GROUP WEBSITE OR MAX CHATBOT EVEN IF CHANGI AIRPORT GROUP HAS BEEN ADVISED PREVIOUSLY OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND WHETHER OR NOT SUCH DAMAGES ARISE IN CONTRACT, TORT, UNDER STATUTE, IN EQUITY OR AT LAW. The Websites to which this or any other Changi Airport Group Website or Max Chatbot is linked may be developed and/or operated by parties other than Changi Airport Group. Changi Airport Group does not control such Websites and is not responsible for their contents. Changi Airport Group's inclusion of links to these Websites does not in itself constitute or imply any endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of the material on such Websites or any association with their owner and/or operators (unless expressly stated otherwise). Any third party who wishes to establish links to this Website, any other Changi Airport Group Website or Max Chatbot should notify Changi Airport Group of its intention in writing prior to doing so. Changi Airport Group reserves the right to deny permission for any such link without need to assign any reason. If permission is given, Changi Airport Group is not under any obligation to establish reciprocal links. All feedback given to Changi Airport Group, including questions, comments, suggestions or the like regardingor in response tothe content of this Website, any other Changi Airport Group Website or Max Chatbot, shall be deemed to be non-confidential. Changi Airport Group shall be free to use, for any purpose, ideas, concepts, techniques or know-how contained in such feedback. Changi Airport Group shall not be subject to any obligation with respect to such feedback and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute to others without limitation. Nothing onor your use ofthis Website, any other Changi Airport Group Website or Max Chatbot shall be construed as conferring any licence or other rights under the intellectual property or proprietary rights of Changi Airport Group, its affiliates or subsidiaries, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise. Changi Airport Group reserves the right to revise these Conditions of Access at any time without notice and you hereby agree to be bound by such change(s). These Conditions of Access constitute the entire agreement between you and Changi Airport Group and you agree that any and all prior and contemporaneous agreement relating to your access and use of this Website, any other Changi Airport Group Website, or Max Chatbot are superseded. If any provision of these Conditions of Access is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, then such invalidity or unenforceability shall not have any effect on any other provision of these Conditions of Access, all of which shall remain valid and enforceable. These Conditions of Access are governed byand shall be interpretedin accordance with the laws of the Republic of Singapore, includingbut not limited tothe Evidence Act (Cap. 97) and the Electronic Transactions Act (No. 25 of 1998), regardless of any other choice of law provisions. You hereby irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of Singapore regarding any and all disputes relating to these Conditions of Access and/or use of this Website, any other Changi Airport Group Website Or Max Chatbot. At Changi Airport Group's option, any dispute or difference arising out ofor in connection withthese Conditions of Access, this Website, any other website operated by Changi Airport Group or Max Chatbot, shall be referred toand resolved byarbitration in Singapore, in the English language, and in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre, for the time being in force which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference to this clause. In the event that the laws of the jurisdiction you are in do not permit or impose restrictions on the access to the contents of this Website, any other Changi Airport Group Website or Max Chatbot, you shall immediately discontinue access or comply with such restrictions (as the case may be). TERMS OF USE OF MAX CHATBOT Changi Airport Group may use artificial intelligence for the purposes of providing you responses when using Max Chatbot. While we strive to provide accurate information, we cannot guarantee the accuracy, reliability and/or the completeness of the information provided, therefore, we encourage you to exercise discretion and independent judgement relating to any information provided by Max Chatbot before taking any action or making any decisions based on the information received. Changi Airport Group assumes no responsibility or guarantee for the accuracy or completeness of the information provided. Any reliance on the responses received by Max Chatbot is entirely at your own risk. Changi Airport Group expressly reserves the right to modify, add or delete individual or all Max Chatbot functionalities without notice, or to discontinue the Max Chatbot temporarily or permanently. By using the Max Chatbot, you agree: By using Max Chatbot, you agree that the Personal Data you provide to Changi Airport Group when you use Max Chatbot will be used in accordance with Changi Airport GroupsPrivacy Policyfor the purposes of providing, personalising and improving services provided to you. Information about browser cookies and the use of browser cookies on this website is provided in ourCookies Policy. Any messages exchanged between us through Max Chatbot via Facebook Messenger Application will also be collected and used by Facebook in accordance with Facebook's Data Policy. It is your responsibility to ensure the physical security of your devices as well as maintain the confidentiality of the information on your devices, including your Facebook Messenger Account, Telegram Account, Whatsapp Account or any such messaging platform used by Max Chatbot (Accounts). You acknowledge that anyone with whom you share your devices, or Account credentials, will be able to see all messages that you have exchanged with Changi Airport Group via Max Chatbot and the information, including your conversation history through the relevant Accounts. You agree that you use Max Chatbot at your own risk and that you shall not hold Changi Airport Group liable for any loss or damage that you may suffer as a result of your use of Max Chatbot, including any unauthorised access to the information. The Account providers and other third-party services or sites incorporated in the Accounts or linked to or through Max Chatbot have their own terms and conditions, and privacy policies and practices. Your use of Max Chatbot will be subject to these third-party agreements or give these third parties access to your personal information. It is your responsibility to review and accept the applicable third-party agreements before using Max Chatbot. DOS AND DON'TS 1. If you notice any suspicious person or activity in any part of the Airport Premises, please call the Airport Police at+65 6546 0000. 2. For any medical emergencies, please call Raffles Medical Group (RMG) at+656543 2223. 3. If you spot any faults in any part of the Airport Premises, please call the Fault Management Centre at+656541 2424. 4. For fire emergencies, please call Airport Emergency Services at+656541 2525. 5. Smoking is only allowed at designated areas in the Airport Premises. 6. Self-conducted airport tours in the public area are subject to approval by Changi Airport Group. For more information, and to seek permission, please emailairport.tour@changiairport.com. All applications are subject to approval. 7. If you find any lost items, please hand them over to an Information Counter. 8. For any commercial filming and/or photography, please send in your applications tofilmphoto@changiairport.com. All applications are subject to approval. 1. Personalised transporters, such as hover boards, unicycle scooters, and other similar devices, are not to be used in any part of the Airport Premises, including the Skytrains, car parks, roadway systems, and MRT-linked bridge. 2. Self-powered transporters, such as bicycles, scooter bikes, roller-blades or roller-skates and skateboards, are not to be used in any part of the Airport Premises, including the Skytrains, car parks, roadway systems and MRT-linked bridge. 3. Playing of loud music from personal devices is not allowed in any part of the Airport Premises. 4. Touting activities are illegal and offenders may be handed over to the Airport Police. 5. Overnight stayers are not allowed. 6. Activities that involve the gathering of people, such as flash mobs, riots and illegal gatherings are not allowed in any part of the Airport Premises. Offenders may be handed over to the Airport Police. 7. Gambling and betting activities are not allowed in any part of the Airport Premises. Offenders may be handed over to the Airport Police. 8. Sporting, games or recreational activities, such as Frisbee, all forms of ball and racquet games, drones, and kite-flying are not allowed in any part of the Airport Premises. 9. Do not panic if you hear any fire alarm in any part of the Airport Premises. Please remain calm and follow instructions given by airport staff. 10. Do not bring your pets to the Airport public area, except if they are: (i) Dogs in the service of Singapore Authorities; (ii) Guide dogs accompanying persons with sight disability, or (iii) Animals which are to travel on, or unloaded from, an aircraft. Any person who is permitted by the airport licensee to bring any animal into the airport shall not allow such animal to foul any part of the airport or to cause nuisance or annoyance to any other person. Sign up for a Changi Account to receive the latest updates 2024 Changi Airport Changi Airportuses cookies and other innovative tech to deliver an incredible and more personalized experience. Analytical technologies give us insights on site usage to improve our services. Marketing technologies (fromchangiairport.com and trusted partners) help us advertise our services more relevantly. If you choose tokeep them off, the basic functionality may degrade your experience. Preferences can be changed at any time with future effect. For more information, see ourprivacy policy.
Max Max Max Max / 1. / 2. Max Max Max / 3. 4. Max Max / / Max Max Max Max 97 1998 25 Max / Max Max Max Max Max cookie cookie cookie Max Facebook Messenger Facebook Facebook Facebook Messenger Telegram Whatsapp Max Max Max Max Max Max Max 1. +65 6546 0000 2. +656543 2223 Raffles Medical Group (RMG) 3. +656541 2424 4. +656541 2525 5. 6. airport.tour@changiairport.com 7. 8. /filmphoto@changiairport.com 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. (i) (ii) (iii) 2024  changiairport.com 
2024  changiairport.com 
Changi App 2024  changiairport.com 
/ 2024  changiairport.com 
SGACeHDC 2020 3 27 SGAC SGACeHDC 2020 3 27 SGAC eHDC/ https://eservices.ica.gov.sg/sgarrivalcard SGAC eHDCSGAC myICA Mobile APP STORE 24 +65 6391 6100ICAICA 24 +65 6391 6100ICAICA ICAOSGACSGACICAICA SGAC MyICAICA ICAO SGACSGACICAICA SGAC MyICA ICA 2024  changiairport.com 
GST Customs@SG Web ApplicationGST Customs@SG Web ApplicationGST 9% GST 9% GST 18 48 / 1800 471 7300www.nparks.gov.sgwww.nparks.gov.sg/feedback +65 6805 2871www.sfa.gov.sgwww.sfa.gov.sg/feedback 1800 478 5478www.imda.gov.sginfo@imda.gov.sg +65 6213 0838www.hsa.gov.sghsa_info@hsa.gov.sg www.nea.gov.sgnea_rpnsd_tradenet@nea.gov.sg 2024  changiairport.com 
48 www.changimeetandgreet.com +65 8300 0160 changimeetgreet@changirecommends.com.sg 1 48 2024  changiairport.com 
Changi Recommends Changi Recommends S$10/ S$10/ Changi RecommendsChangi Recommends Changi Recommends Changi Recommends SIM WiFi SIM Changi Recommends SIM Changi Recommends ChangiWiFi ChangiWiFi 2024  changiairport.com 
WiFi GST Changi App 2024  changiairport.com 
1 2 3 2427343653110 858 3 4 243436 110 4 /Visa/NETS EZ-Link/NETS FlashPay EZ-Link TransitLink EW4/CGCG2 CG1/DT35 SMRT 5:20 AM 5:47 AM 11:50 PM 5:23 AM 5:50 AM 11:53 PM /Visa/NETS EZ-Link/NETS FlashPay EZ-Link TransitLink GrabGojekZigTada Mobility Ryde (Apple App StoreGoogle Play Store),1234 2024  changiairport.com 
FAST / 2024  changiairport.com 
ICAO ICA MOM ICA GST GSTTRSSeletar Airport GST GST TRSSeletar Airport TRSSeletar Airport * eTRS eTRS https://touristrefund.sg / eTRS Ltd. Global Tax Free Pte. Ltd. 12 eTRS eTRS 10 Alipay Alipay 24 1 T1 2 3 4 1 20,000 20,000 ICA 2024  changiairport.com 
LAG LAG LAG 100 LAG LAG LAG 100 1 LAG 100 LAG 100 1 LAG 90 LAG 2024  changiairport.com 
5.5 24 2.5 2(F50) : 7:00-7:00 2(A1-A8) :7:00-7:00 MerlionGardens by the Bay MerlionGardens by the Bay Civic  Gelam Civic  Gelam 10:00 AM - 12:30 PM 8:30 AM 12:00 PM - 2:30 PM 10:30 AM 1:00 PM - 3:30 PM 11:30 AM 4:00 PM - 6:30 PM 2.30 PM 6:00 PM - 8:30 PM 4:30 PM 7:00 PM - 9:30 PM 5:30 PM 2 (F50) 7:00 - 7:00 2 (A1 - A8 ) 7:00 - 7:00 / Visa Free Transit Facility, VFTF VFTFICA VFTF 3Singapore Arrival Card https://www.ica.gov.sg/enter-transit-depart/entering-singapore/sg-arrival-card 501 90 90 75 / ICA 18 18 cag.fst@changiairport.com The Free Singapore Tour booths are open daily. The operating hours are Level2, Departure Transit Hall(Near Gate F50)Opening hours:7:00 AM-7:00PM Level2, Departure Transit Hall(Near Gate A1-A8)Opening hours:7:00 AM-7:00PM 2024  changiairport.com 
1 T13 D41 24 +65 6808 2388rsvn.sin@myaerotel.comhttps://www.myaerotel.com/en-uk/find/asia- Aerotel 9:00 AM 6:00 PM https://www.myaerotel.com/en-uk/find/asia- 2 T23 24 +65 6288 8911 3 T33 24 +65 6507 9788 enquiry@harilelahospitality.comhttp://www.harilelahospitality.com/ https://www.harilelahospitality.com/terminal-3-new JetQuay CIP 24 +65 6262 2220reservations@jetquay.com.sgwww.jetquay.com.sgFacebookhttps://www.facebook. JetQuay Suites JetQuay Suite JetQuay 6 JetQuay 24 2024  changiairport.com 
24 Hub & Spoke 18 2024  changiairport.com 
14 2024  changiairport.com 
YOTELAIR YOTELAIR YOTELAIR 24 YOTELAIR http://www.yotelair.com/ 2024  changiairport.com 
Plan your events at our world class venues. Plan your events at our world class venues. cloud9piazza@changiairport.comces.sales@changiairport.com 2024  changiairport.com 
Hub & Spoke Hub & Spoke Overflow BarGoCycling hubandspoke@changiairport.com 12 ces.sales@changiairport.com Cloud9 Piazza cloud9piazza@changiairport.com attractions@changiairport.com 2024  changiairport.com 
Cloud9 1,000 cloud9piazza@changiairport.com Cloud9 1,000 cloud9piazza@changiairport.com cloud9piazza@changiairport.com cloud9piazza@changiairport.com 5 contact.us@jewelchangiairport.com 5 contact.us@jewelchangiairport.com 4 20 contact.us@jewelchangiairport.com 4 20 contact.us@jewelchangiairport.com Hub & Spoke Hub & Spoke 2024  changiairport.com 
ces.sales@changiairport.com 2024  changiairport.com 
ChangiVerse 3 2 7Caf+ 2024  changiairport.com 
Changi Pay iShopChangi.com Alipay+ Changi Pay / Changi App Changi Pay CHANGI PAY Changi Pay Alipay+ Changi Pay Alipay+ Alipay+ / Changi Pay S$50 Changi Pay / Changi Pay Alipay+ Alipay+ / Changi Pay S$50 Changi Pay / Changi Pay Changi Pay Liquid Changi Pay S$50 S$10* Changi Pay \* S$50 S$10* Changi Pay \ * Changi Pay iShopChangi.com Changi Pay Changi Pay Changi Pay Changi Pay / *https://www.changiairport..html Changi Pay Changi Pay Changi Pay Changi Pay Changi Pay (Changi Pay) Changi Pay/ Alipay+ Liquid - - * - EEA** - - - - 2023 12 17 - - - - - - - - * Changi Pay ** enquiry@changiairport.com/ Alipay+ Changi Pay Changi App Changi Pay AppChangi App Apple App Store Google Play Store 1. Changi App Changi Pay 2. Changi Pay / Liquid 3. Paynow Liquid 4. Alipay+ 4a. 4b. Liquid support@liquidgroup.sg 1. 2. 3. Liquid support@liquidgroup.sg 1. 2. 3. Changi Pay https://www.changiairport.-pay-guide.html Liquid Alipay+ Changi Pay https://www.changiairport.-payment.html LIQUID GROUP PTE LTD Changi Pay Liquid Group Pte LtdLiquid Liquid Liquid Liquid Group PCI DSS v3.2.1ISO 27001:2017 2024  changiairport.com 
! ! 2024  changiairport.com 
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Explore the special gift boxes that Captain Mickey Mouse has placed around Canopy Park, each unveiling a festive displays and interactive installations inspired by the seven themed areas onboard the all-new Disney Adventure. Discover a wondrous world where nature meets retail Discover a wondrous world where nature meets retail The first-of-its-kind play attractions at Jewel promise endless fun for the young and young at heart! Indulge in the wide array of dining options at Jewel! A world-class shopping experience awaits you at Jewel! Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIRHotel in Asia! Purchase Tickets for Canopy Park and the attractions Explore the special gift boxes that Captain Mickey Mouse has placed around Canopy Park, each unveiling a festive displays and interactive installations inspired by the seven themed areas onboard the all-new Disney Adventure.Also, get to redeem $80 tenant vouchers with min spend when you shop in Jewel! Explore the special gift boxes that Captain Mickey Mouse has placed around Canopy Park, each unveiling a festive displays and interactive installations inspired by the seven themed areas onboard the all-new Disney Adventure. Also, get to redeem $80 tenant vouchers with min spend when you shop in Jewel! Grab the latest deals View more Grab the latest deals View more Exclusive programmes at Jewel View more Exclusive programmes at Jewel View more Step out of the airport right into a lush green sanctuary, a tranquil retreat in the core of the world's best transport hub.Jewel houses more than 2,000 trees and palms, and over 10,000 shrubs covering a total area of more than 21,000sqm. There are some 120 species, originating from countries all around the globe.Learn more about the plants at Jewel today! Step out of the airport right into a lush green sanctuary, a tranquil retreat in the core of the world's best transport hub.Jewel houses more than 2,000 trees and palms, and over 10,000 shrubs covering a total area of more than 21,000sqm. There are some 120 species, originating from countries all around the globe. Learn more about the plants at Jewel today! WELCOME TO JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORTWatch the video to find out more WELCOME TO JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT Watch the video to find out more STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Explore the Canopy Park, a playground for everyone! Explore the Canopy Park, a playground for everyone! An augmented reality experience with dinosaurs! A playground for everyone Enjoy more attractions at bundle price! Feel like you're bouncing among trees Leafy playscapes you can't resist Take a walk through the air Balance your way through an adventure Lose yourself in a kaleidoscopic escapade Kids will love the chance to play in this dreamy setting and let their imagination take flight. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES FAMILY BUNDLE DEAL FAMILY BUNDLE DEAL FAMILY BUNDLE DEAL BUY NOW ON CHANGI APP BUY NOW ON CHANGI APP BUY NOW ON CHANGI APP Enjoy Unlimited Admission, Jewel Privileges, Discounts on Jewels Guided Tours and more! Clickherefor more information. Terms & Conditionsapply. DOWNLOAD APPLICATION FORM DOWNLOAD APPLICATION FORM DOWNLOAD APPLICATION FORM Enjoy unlimited access to our play attractions, such as Canopy Park, Mastercard Canopy Bridge,Hedge Maze, Mirror Maze, Bouncing Net and Walking Net, as well as exclusive shopping and dining discounts all year round! Guests can choose from different types of membership such as families, individual adults, children and seniors for their prefered membership. FIND OUT MORE FIND OUT MORE FIND OUT MORE STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more JOIN US ASA MEMBER TODAY! The PlayAtJewel Membership Programme aims to engage and reward members with great savings and an extensive host of privileges including unlimited admission to Canopy Park, MastercardCanopy Bridge, Hedge Maze, Mirror Maze, Bouncing Net and Walking Net and exclusive shopping and dining discountsall year round! We look forward to welcoming you to our ever-growing family. If you have any questions, kindly refer to ourFAQ sectionor contact us via email atcontact.us@jewelchangiairport.com. Click here to purchase individual membership Click here to purchase individual membership Click here to purchase individual membership Click here to purchase family membership Click here to purchase family membership Click here to purchase family membership Click here to log-in to existing membership Click here to log-in to existing membership Click here to log-in to existing membership There are different types of membership plans to suit your needs. Select one of the following and join us as a PlayAtJewelMember today! PlayAtJewel Family Pass : $188for 1-year membership per family Additional child / senior citizen at $30 (Up to max 4) PlayAtJewel + Changi Experience Studio Family Pass:$270for 1-year membership per family Additional child / senior citizen at $42 (Up to max 4) PlayAtJewel Annual Pass : $105for 1-year membership per person Season Pass: $65for 6 months membership per person PlayAtJewel + Changi Experience Studio Annual Pass: $140for 1-year membership per person Season Pass: $90for 6 months membership per person PlayAtJewel Annual Pass : $75for 1-year membership per person Season Pass : $45for 6 months membership per person PlayAtJewel + Changi Experience Studio Annual Pass: $98for 1-year membership per person Season Pass: $60for 6 months membership per person *Children must be accompanied by adults*Children must be of a minimum height of 110cm to enter Discovery Slides, Walking Net and Bouncing Net. PlayatJewel Annual Pass : $75for 1-year membership per person Season Pass : $45for 6 months membership per person PlayatJewel + Changi Experience Studio Annual Pass: $98for 1-year membership per person Season Pass: $60for 6 months membership per person Reward your employees through Jewel Changi Airports corporate membership. Enjoy year-round unlimited admission toCanopy Park, MastercardCanopy Bridge, Hedge Maze, Mirror Maze, Bouncing Net and Walking Net! Find out morehere! If you have any questions, kindly refer to ourFAQ sectionor contact us via email atsales@jewelchangiairport.com. Enjoy exclusive promotion(s) at selected outlets in Jewel Changi Airport. Clickherefor more info Valid for Individual/Family Annual Pass & Individual Season Pass Rest & Relax at Changi Lounge or enjoy exclusive discounts for your staycation! Clickherefor more info Valid for Individual/Family Annual Pass & Individual Season Pass *Up to 10 tickets to be purchased onsite via Jewel L5 Concierge. Terms & Conditionsapply. Valid for Individual/Family Annual Pass & Individual Season Pass. Valid for Individual/Family Annual Pass only USE OF ATTRACTIONS PASSES Depending on the type of Attractions Pass membership, Passholder may enjoy the privileges and benefits statedhere. Privileges and benefits are offered at the sole and absolute discretion of JCAT and they are non-transferable and non-assignable. Attractions Pass admissions: Individual Adult Passes and Individual Child/Senior Passes are non-transferable and admits the Passholder only. Family Annual Pass is limited to a maximum of 2 Adults and 5 Child/Senior. Guest to login and present a valid e-card for admission into attractions or in order to enjoy the Attractions Pass privileges. All children must be accompanied by an adult. JCAT attraction staff may request for photo identification for verification prior to admission. Admission to the various Jewel Changi Airport attractions using the Attractions Pass is subject to blackout dates; closure of attractions due to maintenance or force majeure events; and separate ticketed events. Please refer to the Jewel Changi Airport Attractions website for more information. The use of the Attractions Pass for admissions into Jewel Changi Airports attractions is subject to the applicable terms and conditions of the attractions. All Passholders and users of the Attractions Pass for entry in to the attractions agree to Jewel Changi Airports attractions terms and conditions. Please refer tothe full terms & conditions of Jewel Changi Airports attractionshere. Click here for the full PlayAtJewelTerms & Conditions. General FAQ 1. What is PlayAtJewel membership? PlayAtJewel membership is the official membership programme by Jewel Changi Airport, which comprises 3 types of passes: i. Individual Annual Pass ii. Family Annual Pass iii. Season Pass As a member, you will be able to enjoy great savings and privileges while visiting Jewel Changi Airport and Canopy Park on Level 5. The PlayAtJewel membershipcan be renewed 30 days before expiry. 2. How can I sign up for PlayAtJewel membership? You can sign up for PlayAtJewel membership via Jewel Changi Airport official website. Click on the Sign Up icon and follow the instructions to sign up for a new PlayAtJewel membership. 3. What are the benefits that I can enjoyed as a PlayAtJewel passholder? PlayAtJewel passholders can enjoy privileges and perks such as: 4. How long is my PlayAtJewel membership valid for? For PlayAtJewel Individual / Family Annual passholder, the membership is valid for one (1) year from the date of application. For PlayAtJewel Season passholder, the membership is valid for six (6) months from date of application. 5. How do I check my PlayAtJewel membership expiry date? Your PlayAtJewel membership validity period is indicated on your membership e-Card. To check your PlayAtJewel membership expiry date, simply log in to your membership e-Card via Jewel Changi Airport official website, click on the Login icon, the expiry date will be reflected beside the e-Card. 6. Do you offer concessionary PlayAtJewel membership for Senior Citizens? Concessionary PlayAtJewel membership is available for Seniors 60 years old and above, with Singapore NRIC of FIN card. You may find the prices for the respective concessionary Senior memberships under each PlayAtJewel membership category. 7. Do you offer a concessionary PlayAtJewel membership for students? While we do not offer a concessionary PlayAtJewel membership for students, concessionary PlayAtJewel membership is available for children aged 3 to 12 years old. You may find the prices for the respective child memberships under each PlayAtJewel membership category. 8. Can I convert my admission tickets to a PlayAtJewel membership? Only Bundle Deals 2 & 4 tickets are allowed to be converted into . Same day admission Bundle Deals 2 & 4 tickets will be refunded, and guests will be required to purchase the  separately. Any other Individual Attraction, Bundle Deals 1 and 3 tickets are not applicable for conversion. You may convert your admission tickets under the following conditions: 9. As a  passholder, do I still need to make any timeslot reservation for Bouncing Net? No reservation is required, and you may join the queue to enjoy our Bouncing Net on the day of visit. 10. Must all members of the PlayAtJewelFamily Annual passholders be present to enter the ticketed attractions or enjoy the privileges? Any member(s) of the Family  can present the PlayAtJewele-Card for entry into ticketed attractions. All child entry must be accompanied by a paying adult or an adult PlayAtJewelmember. 11.Who can I contact if I face any issues regarding my membership? You may write in to our Jewel Guest Centre at this email: contact.us@jewelchangiairport.com or call +65 6956 9898 (10am - 10pm) to speak with our Jewel Guest Centre team. During Sign Ups 1. My spouse and I wish to sign up for a membership. We have one child and he/she will be turning 4 within this year. Should my spouse and I sign up for two  Annual pass or should we sign up for a 2 Adults & 1 Child Family Annual pass? For your info, Child below 3 years old is entitled to free admission. The family may choose to purchase 2 PlayAtJewel Individual Adult Annual pass as the child will be entitled to free admission since he/she is still 3 years old. Alternatively, the family may wish to purchase 2 Adults & 1 Child PlayAtJewel Family Annual pass to enjoy the memberships benefit and privileges throughout the valid membership period. 2. I have purchased a PlayAtJewelFamily Annual pass for 2 adults and 1 child last month, can I top up $30 to add on a 2ndchild? Any add on of family member to the membership is not allowed after purchase. 3. Can I replace a member in the middle of the membership validity period? As memberships are non-transferable, member replacements or change are not permitted in the middle of the membership validity period. 4. We are a multi-generation family (parents, grandparents and grandchildren), comprising of 2 Senior, 2 adults and 4 children. Which  should I take up? PlayAtJewelFamily Annual pass allows purchase for up to 2 Adult + 5 child/senior. The family may sign up for PlayAtJewelFamily Annual pass for 2 Adult + 5 child/senior and 1  Annual pass for child/senior. Renewal 1. When am I able to renew my membership? Renewal option will be available at your membership login page 30 days prior to expiry and you may click on RENEW to proceed. 2. My membership is due for renewal but I am experiencing issues. What should I do? You may write in to our Jewel Guest Centre at this email: contact.us@jewelchangiairport.com or call +65 6956 9898 (10am - 10pm) for assistance.  Privileges 1. How can my Family enjoy the Jewel Privileges? Simply present your  e-Card when placing your order to enjoy the F&B or Retail privileges. Please note that you may be asked for your identification card for verification purposes. 2. I am a member of PlayAtJewel. Am I able to authorize a friend, family member or caretaker to enjoy my memberships benefits and privileges? All  is non-transferable. Passholder must be present to enjoy PlayAtJewelbenefits and privileges. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Reward your employees through Jewel Changi Airports corporate membership. Enjoy year-round unlimited admission toCanopy Park, MastercardCanopy Bridge, Hedge Maze, Mirror Maze, Bouncing Net and Walking Net! If you have any questions, kindly refer to ourFAQ sectionor contact us via email atsales@jewelchangiairport.com. DOWNLOAD APPLICATION FORM DOWNLOAD APPLICATION FORM DOWNLOAD APPLICATION FORM Please email the endorsed application form to:sales@jewelchangiairport.com Email subject: Corporate Membership Application (Company Name) The Corporate Annual Pass entitles your staff and three accompanying guests to enjoy unlimited admission to Canopy Park and one time entry per day to MastercardCanopy Bridge, Hedge Maze, Mirror Maze, Walking Net and Bouncing Net. Annual Corporate Membership (Price per card) 1 Physical Card - $4,780 2 Physical Cards - $4,000 3 Physical Cards - $3,500 4 Physical Cards- $3,000 Add on: Corporate E-Letter Scheme Staff located in multiple locations? Physical cards too much of a hassle? The Corporate E-Letter scheme maximises your companys investment in the membership by: This scheme is available upon sign up of your corporate membership, subject to an additional annual fee of $3,230 permembership card. For those who like to trial our membership, a six months Season Corporate Membership programme is available! 6 Months Season Corporate Membership (Price per card) 1 Physical Card - $2,680 Add on Corporate e-letter at $1,800 Enjoy exclusive promotion(s) at selected outlets in Jewel Changi Airport. Clickherefor more info Clickherefor more info *Up to 10 tickets to be purchased onsite via Jewel L5 Concierge Clickherefor more info USE OF CORPORATE ANNUAL PASS Passholder may enjoy the privileges and benefits statedhere.Passholder must be present on-site with his/her valid corporate staff ID to enjoy the privileges and benefits. Privileges and benefits are offered at the sole and absolute discretion of Jewel Changi Airport and they are non-transferable and non-assignable. Corporate Annual Pass admissions: Each corporate annual pass entitles your staff to enjoy unlimited admission toCanopy Park and one time entry per day to MastercardCanopy Bridge, Hedge Maze, Mirror Maze, Bouncing Net and Walking Net for up to one staff and three accompanying guests (adult/child/senior) per day. A valid physical membership card or corporate e-letter must be presented along with corporate staff ID to be granted admission to the attractions or in order to enjoy the Attractions Pass privileges. All children under 12 must be accompanied by an adult. Admission to the various Jewel Changi Airport attractions using the Corporate Annual Pass is subject to blackout dates; closure of attractions due to maintenance or force majeure events; and separate ticketed events. Please refer to the Jewel Changi Airport Attractions website for more information. The use of the Corporate Annual Pass for admission into Jewel Changi Airports attractions is subject to the applicable terms and conditions of the attractions. All Passholders and users of the Corporate Annual Pass agree to Jewel Changi Airports attractions terms and conditions. Please refer tothe full terms & conditions of the Jewel Changi Airports attractionshere. Click here for the fullTerms & Conditions. General FAQ 1. What is Jewel Corporate Membership? Jewel Corporate Membership is the official membership programme offered to corporate companies by Jewel Changi Airport. As a member, corporate companies and their staff will be able to enjoy great savings and privileges while visiting Jewel Changi Airport and Canopy Park on Level 5. Jewel corporate membership can be renewed upon expiry. 2. How can my company sign up for Jewel Corporate Membership? You can sign up for Jewel Corporate Membership via Jewel Changi Airport official website. Click on the Download icon and fill up the application form. Upon completion of the application form, email the signed application form back to us atsales@jewelchangiairport.comwith email subject: Corporate Membership Application (Company Name). 3. What is the processing lead-time for getting our corporate membership pass after we have sent in the application? We will take an estimated 7 to 14 working days to process your membership upon successful payment received by Jewel Changi Airport. Upon successful processing of your application, we will notify you on the collection of the corporate membership pass. 4. How long is my Jewel Corporate Membership valid for? For Corporate Annual passholder, the membership is valid for one (1) year from the date of issuance. For 6 Months Season Corporate Annual passholder, the membership is valid for six (6) months from the date of issuance. 5. How do I check my Jewel Corporate Membership expiry date? Your Jewel corporate membership validity date is indicated on your membership pass. 6. When should we renew our corporate membership? You can renew your membership any time before it expires. Your renewed membership will commence on the expiry date of your current membership. 7. How should we renew our corporate membership? Simply download the application form from the Download icon and fill up the application form. Upon completion of the application form, email the signed application form back to us atsales@jewelchangiairport.comwith email subject: Corporate Membership Renewal Application (Company Name). 8. Can I transfer our corporate membership to another company? Jewel Corporate Membership card is non-transferable. Only staff of the company registered under our corporate membership (based on printed company name on the corporate membership card) may enjoy the membership benefits. Please ensure that your requested printed organisation name on your corporate membership pass is consistent with your organisations name printed on your corporate staff ID at the point of membership application. Our staff will only allow entry after verification that the organisation name printed on the corporate membership pass matches that of the organisation name printed on your corporate staff ID. 9. Who can I contact if I face any issues regarding my corporate membership? You may write in to our Jewel Guest Centre at this email: contact.us@jewelchangiairport.com or call +65 6956 9898 (10am - 10pm) to speak with our Jewel Guest Centre team. Jewel Corporate Membership Privileges 1. What are the benefits that I can enjoy as a Jewel Corporate Membership passholder? Jewel Corporate Membership passholders can enjoy privileges and perks such as: 2. How can I enjoy the Jewel Corporate Memberships Privileges? Simply present your Jewel Corporate Annual Pass card/Corporate E-letter when placing your order to enjoy the privileges. Please note that you will be required to present your corporate staff ID for verification purposes. 3. Must staff of the corporate membership be present to enter the ticketed attractions or enjoy the privileges? Staff must be present and present staff ID with Jewel Corporate Annual Pass card/Corporate E-letter for entry into ticketed attractions or to enjoy any of the privileges. Staff of the corporate membership can bring up to three accompanying guests (adult/child/senior) into ticketed attractions. All child entry must be accompanied by a paying adult. 4. My company is a member of Jewel Corporate Membership. Am I able to authorize a friend, family member or caretaker to enjoy my memberships benefits and privileges? All Jewel corporate memberships benefits are non-transferable. Staff must be present to enjoy Jewel benefits and privileges.Staff will be required to present corporate staff ID for verification purposes too. 5. Do Jewel Corporate Membership passholders enjoy complimentary parking? Complimentary parking is not part of the privileges for corporate membership. For more information on the privileges and benefits of our corporate membership, clickhere. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more This iconic landmark is situated at the heart of Changi Airport and easily accessible to all terminals of the airport.Jewel is open 24hrs.Most shops operate between 10am to 10pm.Selected shops have extended operating hours.*Please check the directory listing for specific operating hours.Jewel Changi Airport78 Airport BoulevardSingapore 819666 This iconic landmark is situated at the heart of Changi Airport and easily accessible to all terminals of the airport. Jewel is open 24hrs. Most shops operate between 10am to 10pm. Selected shops have extended operating hours. *Please check the directory listing for specific operating hours. Jewel Changi Airport 78 Airport Boulevard Singapore 819666 From Terminal 1 Jewel is connected to the Arrival Hall (level 1) of Terminal 1. From Terminal 2 Jewel is a 5 to 10-minute walk via a link bridge from the Departure Hall (level 2) of Terminal 2 (near row 1). From Terminal 3 Jewel is a 5 to 10-minute walk via a link bridge from the Departure Hall (level 2) of Terminal 3 (near row 11). From Terminal 4 Take the free shuttle bus from Terminal 4 Arrival Lounge to Jewel/ Terminal 1 (opposite Jewel Level 2 Drop-off point). Direct shuttle bus service (T4 - Jewel) is available from 6am to 12am daily, while loop bus service (T4 - T3 - T1 - T4) is available from 1am to 6am daily. From the City Centre: 20-minute drive viaEast Coast Parkway (ECP), which leads into Airport Boulevard. From Woodlands Checkpoint 30-minute drive viaTampines Expressway (TPE) and Seletar Expressway (SLE) From Tuas Checkpoint 40-minute drive via the East Coast Parkway Expressway (ECP) and Ayer Rajah Expressway (AYE) Motor Vehicles (including Vans): Short-term Parking (B2M and B2) First 90 mins: S$0.65/15 mins block Subsequent 30 mins or part thereof S$5/30mins General Parking (B3 to B5) S$0.65/15 mins block Motorcycles & Scooters: S$1.40 per day (7:00am to 6:59am next day) Take the Mass Rapid Transport (MRT) to the Changi Airport Station (CG2). Upon exiting the station (CG2), Jewel is accessible via link bridges located at level 2 of Terminals 2 and 3. Using the East-West (Green) Line Take a train to the Tanah Merah (EW4) station and cross the platform to transfer to an Airport-bound train. Using the Downtown (Blue) Line Take a train to the Expo (DT35) station. From here, transfer to the East-West (Green) Line eastward to the Changi Airport station (CG2). Upon exiting the station, Jewel is accessible via link bridges located at level 2 of Terminals 2 and 3. The following Bus Services will stop at Terminal 1s basement bus bay: 24 27 34 36 53 110 858 Upon arrival at Terminal 1, please follow the signs to Jewel from Level 1 of the terminal. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more 10 results found for Attractions A recreational playground for everyone The first-of-its-kind play attractions at Jewel Changi Airport promise endless fun for the young and young at heart! Discover a wondrous world where nature meets retail. A journey of fun and discovery STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Enjoy a pleasant and hassle-free experience, with a suite of facilities and services tailored for every traveller. Enjoy a pleasant and hassle-free experience, with a suite of facilities and services tailored for every traveller. Don't be bogged down by your hand-carry luggage. The Left Baggage service atL1allows you to explore Jewel unencumbered, while your belongings are safely held for you. Do note that several attractions do not permit luggage to be brought in with you. Find out morehere. *Charges apply. Want to explore Jewel before you depart Singapore? Simply come earlier and make use of the early check-in facilities atL1. There, you can check-in your baggage and enjoy a hands-free experience at Jewel before it is time to catch your flight. Click herefor the full list of participating airlines. Claim your Goods and Services Tax refunds before you leave Singapore, from the Electronic Tourist Refund self-help (eTRS) kiosk atL1. Please have your passport, plane tickets, receipts and purchased items with you for a smooth process. Note: eTRS kiosk operates between 12.00pm - 8.00pm. Keep your mobile phones charged and ready. Loan a power bank for up to 12 hours of free usage. -Open an account with the service provider at the Experience Concierge onL2 -Charges apply after the first 12 hours STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Enjoy a pleasant and hassle-free experience, with a suite of facilities and services tailored for every visitor. Enjoy a pleasant and hassle-free experience, with a suite of facilities and services tailored for every visitor. Withdraw money or perform other banking transactions at the ATMs located atB1andL4. B1: - FXChange: #B1-K200 &#B1-K206 - UOB: #B1-K201 &#B1-K208 - OCBC: #B1-K203 - DBS: #B1-K204 - ICBC: #B1-K207 - Citibank: #B1-K209 L4: -FXChange: #04-K200 Baby Care (nursing) rooms are conveniently located on every level from B2 to L4. Amenities include: - Diaper changing stations - Hot & cold water dispensers - Private cubicles for nursing Don't be bogged down by your hand-carry luggage. The Baggage Storage service* atL1allows you to explore Jewel unencumbered, while your belongings are safely kept for you. Do note that several Jewel attractions do not permit luggage to be brought in with you. Find out morehere. *Charges apply Find a full range of car grooming services including Hydroshot car wash, waxing, aircon cleaning, etc at CARs International located at #B3-K200 from 10am - 7pm. Find out morehere. Want to explore Jewel before you depart Singapore? Simply come earlier and make use of the early check-in facilities atL1. There, you can check-in your baggage and enjoy a hands-free experience at Jewel before it is time to catch your flight. Click herefor more information. Wheelchairs and strollers are available for loan* for added mobility when you explore Jewel. Available at the Concierge counter at Level 1, from 10am to 9.30pm daily.Please note that some attractions are not accessible to wheelchairs or strollers. *A nominal refundable deposit is required Keep your mobile phones charged and ready - Create an account with the service provider at the Experience Concierge onL2 Taxis are available for hire at Basement 1 of Terminal 1. All fares are metered, and you may find more details on additional Airport Surchargeshere. Booking of taxis via taxi and ride hailing apps are unavailable. Make a booking via the respective ride-hailing providers mobile application by selecting Jewel Level 2 Pick-up Bay as your pick-up/drop-off location. Taxi bookings are unavailable out of Jewel. Six Electric Vehicle (EV) charging stations are available in the Terminal 1/Jewel car park offering paid charging service for all electric vehicle drivers. Location:T1/Jewel car park, B3, Lobby C, parking spaces 207-212 Charger type:22 kW AC Charging rates:Drivers need to download SP Utilities app before they are able to charge their EVs. Prevailng charging rates apply. Note to drivers:Please move your EV to another carpark space within 30mins after it is fully charged, to enable other drivers to use the charging stations. Additional charges may be imposed for carswhich continue to be parked in the EV charging spaces beyond this grace period. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Located within Jewel Changi Airport, Changi Lounge provides an exclusive and comfortable environment where you can rest and relax with Jewels range of exciting attractions and lifestyle offerings right at the doorstep for your exploration.In between your travel plans, enjoy free flow of light snacks, high-speed connectivity and even business facilities at Changi Lounge. There are also shower and napping amenities, for those who seek to be rejuvenated before the next leg of their journey.With wifi access available, keep yourself entertained or attend to business matters conveniently while on the go. There are also private meeting rooms available for booking.Location:Jewel Changi Airport, Level 1 (Public Area)Operating hours:Daily, 6.00AM 10.00PM(Note: Kitchen and bar close at 9:00PM) Located within Jewel Changi Airport, Changi Lounge provides an exclusive and comfortable environment where you can rest and relax with Jewels range of exciting attractions and lifestyle offerings right at the doorstep for your exploration. In between your travel plans, enjoy free flow of light snacks, high-speed connectivity and even business facilities at Changi Lounge. There are also shower and napping amenities, for those who seek to be rejuvenated before the next leg of their journey. With wifi access available, keep yourself entertained or attend to business matters conveniently while on the go. There are also private meeting rooms available for booking. Location:Jewel Changi Airport, Level 1 (Public Area) Operating hours:Daily, 6.00AM 10.00PM (Note: Kitchen and bar close at 9:00PM) Buy Now on Changi APP Buy Now on Changi APP Buy Now on Changi APP REGULAR RATES Enjoy 3 hours of lounge access catered to your different needs. Lite Package: Adult: $28++ | Child: $20++ 3h lounge access Free flow snack bar Classic Package: Adult: $39++ | Child: $27++ 3h lounge access Free flow snack bar One hot meal One beer Premium Package: Adult: $50++ | Child: $39++ 3h lounge access Free flow snack bar One hot meal One beer One shower Ala-Carte Services for Add-Ons Shower Facilities (includes linen and toiletries) $20++ for a 20-minute shower slot Note: Last shower slot at 9.25pm. Nap Pod Facilities Guestswithlounge package purchased $15++ (per hour, for guests with any lounge package purchased) Guestswithoutlounge package purchased $22++ (1st hour) $18++ (subsequent hour) Note: Timeslot reservations for Shower and Nap Pod services are available over the counter only. Meeting Room Booking (Includes stationery, presentation facility and access to snack bar) Single Room (up to 4 guests): $80++ for one hour $150++ for two hours $250++ for four hours $440++ for eight hours Additional guest (up to 8) per hour: $10++ per guest Double Room (up to 8 guests): $160++ for one hour $300++ for two hours $500++ for four hours $880++ for eight hours Additional guest (up to 16) per hour: $10++ per guest To book a meeting room, please write in to reservations.changilounge@changiairport.com. Extra PerkEnjoy free parking* for 50% of guests with minimum 2 hours of meeting room booking. *Valid for Jewel / Terminal 1 carpark levelsB3 to B5only. Terms and conditions apply. Note: Priority Pass (including LoungeKey and LoungeKey Pass), Dragon Pass and DreamFolks members are accepted with valid boarding pass. Terms & Conditionsapply. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Ongoing Jewel Enjoy more savings* when you shop at Jewel Changi Airport!Claim your tax refund* back when you shop at Jewel at the following retail stores:Action City, Adidas, Agnes B, Aldo, Apple, Asics, Bath & Bodyworks,Beautique by iShopChangi, Boarding Gate, Bee Cheng Hiang, Bottles & Bottles, Calvin Klein, Challenger, Charles & Keith, Chomel, Coach, Converse, Columbia, Cotton On Kids, Crocs, Converse, Descente, DJI, Don Don Donki, Dragon's Brand Bird Nest, Dyson, Ecco, Eu Yan Sang, Expressions, Fairprice, Fila, Fila Kids, Foot Locker, Fred Perry, Gift by Changi Airport, Godiva, Goelia, Goelia Since 1995, G-Star Raw, HANDS, Hurley, Kate Spade, Kele, Kim's Duet, Laderach, Lenskart, Le Petit Society, Massimo Dutti, Mothercare, Motherhouse, MyEureka, New Balance, New Era, NIKE, Oakley, Ogawa Bespoke, Onitsuka Tiger, OSIM, Oysho, OWNDAYS, OWELL, Pandora, PAZZION, PEDRO, Pokemon, POP MART, POLO Ralph Lauren, Ray-Ban, Sasa, Samsonite, Sanrio, Satellite Paris, Sift & Pick, Simply Toys, Smiggle, Sparkle, Skechers, Spectacle Hut, Sun Paradise, The Shirt Bar, The Wonder Stores, Timberland, Tong Garden, TOYS R US, UNIQLO, Urban Revivo, Capsule by Watches of Switzerland, Watsons, Western Corp, Traveller World, ZARA Claim your tax refund* back when you shop at Jewel at the following retail stores: Action City, Adidas, Agnes B, Aldo, Apple, Asics, Bath & Bodyworks,Beautique by iShopChangi, Boarding Gate, Bee Cheng Hiang, Bottles & Bottles, Calvin Klein, Challenger, Charles & Keith, Chomel, Coach, Converse, Columbia, Cotton On Kids, Crocs, Converse, Descente, DJI, Don Don Donki, Dragon's Brand Bird Nest, Dyson, Ecco, Eu Yan Sang, Expressions, Fairprice, Fila, Fila Kids, Foot Locker, Fred Perry, Gift by Changi Airport, Godiva, Goelia, Goelia Since 1995, G-Star Raw, HANDS, Hurley, Kate Spade, Kele, Kim's Duet, Laderach, Lenskart, Le Petit Society, Massimo Dutti, Mothercare, Motherhouse, MyEureka, New Balance, New Era, NIKE, Oakley, Ogawa Bespoke, Onitsuka Tiger, OSIM, Oysho, OWNDAYS, OWELL, Pandora, PAZZION, PEDRO, Pokemon, POP MART, POLO Ralph Lauren, Ray-Ban, Sasa, Samsonite, Sanrio, Satellite Paris, Sift & Pick, Simply Toys, Smiggle, Sparkle, Skechers, Spectacle Hut, Sun Paradise, The Shirt Bar, The Wonder Stores, Timberland, Tong Garden, TOYS R US, UNIQLO, Urban Revivo, Capsule by Watches of Switzerland, Watsons, Western Corp, Traveller World, ZARA STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Welcome to Jewel!A multi-faceted lifestyle and entertainment hub with myriad exciting retail and dining offerings, indoor gardens, play attractions and aviation facilities.Be greeted by the worlds tallest indoor waterfall at 40 metres tall the Jewel Rain Vortex and bask in the lush indoor greenery of the Shiseido Forest Valley with floral biodiversity of more than 120 species. Indulge in endless fun at Canopy Park with its exciting attractions, perfect for both the young and young-at-heart!Jewel is also home to a world-class tenant mix featuring both homegrown and established overseas brands, where we are truly, the place wherethe World meets Singapore and Singapore meets the World. Welcome to Jewel! A multi-faceted lifestyle and entertainment hub with myriad exciting retail and dining offerings, indoor gardens, play attractions and aviation facilities. Be greeted by the worlds tallest indoor waterfall at 40 metres tall the Jewel Rain Vortex and bask in the lush indoor greenery of the Shiseido Forest Valley with floral biodiversity of more than 120 species. Indulge in endless fun at Canopy Park with its exciting attractions, perfect for both the young and young-at-heart! Jewel is also home to a world-class tenant mix featuring both homegrown and established overseas brands, where we are truly, the place wherethe World meets Singapore and Singapore meets the World. See the world's tallest indoor waterfall Trek through an indoor forest Shop & Dine at more than 250 stores Rest at YOTELAIR Early check-in counters Baggage storage service Tax refund kiosks Seamless connectivity to T1, T2, T3 & T4 Encounter nature, delight in play attractions and savour a taste of Singapore. Theres so much to see and do at Jewel, the possibilities are endless!To help prepare for your Jewel journey, we have suggested a slew of activities that are sure to keep you engaged at any time of the day! Dont forget to snap some pictures at our recommended photo spots too! Encounter nature, delight in play attractions and savour a taste of Singapore. Theres so much to see and do at Jewel, the possibilities are endless! To help prepare for your Jewel journey, we have suggested a slew of activities that are sure to keep you engaged at any time of the day! Dont forget to snap some pictures at our recommended photo spots too! DAYTIME FUN DAYTIME FUN DAYTIME FUN NIGHT TIME ADVENTURE NIGHT TIME ADVENTURE NIGHT TIME ADVENTURE INSTA-WORTHY SPOTS INSTA-WORTHY SPOTS INSTA-WORTHY SPOTS STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Step out of the airport right into a lush green sanctuary, a tranquil retreat in the core of the world's best transport hub. Immerse yourself in this garden wonderland and meet Singapore, the City in Nature. Jewel houses more than 2,000 trees and palms, and over 100,000 shrubs covering a total area of more than 21,000sqm. There are some 120 species, originating from countries all around the globe, such as Australia, Spain, Thailand, and the United States. Experience the SENSE installation at the Shiseido Forest Valleys west trail, with dancing lights illuminating the trees, soothing music playing in the background, and the signature scent of SHISEIDO Ultimune, your senses will be truly delighted. Learn more about the plants at Jewel today! Explore idyllic landscapes bathed in natural sunlight with more than 900 trees and palms, and about 60,000 shrubs in this verdant indoor garden. Canopy Park, located at the topmost level (L5) of Jewel, is a 14,000 sqm recreational wonderland that welcomes the young and young at heart with an array of exciting play attractions nestled amidst luscious foliage. Find out how you can play a part in Jewel's landscaping acitvities! Find out how you can play a part in Jewel's landscaping acitvities! Ever wondered how the trees and plants at Jewel are maintained? We are now offering an opportunity for interested parties to have a hands-on experience of tending to the plants at Singapores iconic destination, Jewel! Learn basic pruning and weeding techniques, or even have a chat with our horticulture expert about all plant-related questions when you participate in the BeLeafers volunteer programme.Do dress comfortably as you will need to bend or squat as you tend to our plants! *The programme is open to able-bodied participants ages 13 years old and above, and volunteers who are able to handle gardening/sharp tools. JOIN THE BELEAFERS PROGRAMME JOIN THE BELEAFERS PROGRAMME JOIN THE BELEAFERS PROGRAMME STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more 1 April 2024 - 31 March 2025 Participating Outlets Jewel Privileges Programme Enjoy exclusive promotions by presenting your Jewel Privilege e-card (^ via Changi Apphere) or physical card at participating outlets. You may collect your physical card today at Level 1 Concierge Counter! Tourist Perks: Receive a $5 Retail Voucher* and a $5 Attractions Voucher on us when you flash your passport and enjoy special attractions ticket deals! Mastercard Cardholders get to redeem for an additional $5 Retail Voucher* when you flash your card! *Find out more about Jewel Retail Voucherhere. ^Download the Changi apphereand log in to view your e-card. Clickherefor the full listing of privileges and deals. Tourist Exclusive: Your Tax Refund Starts at Jewel Enjoy more savings when you shop at Jewel Changi Airport! Find out morehere. Jewel Privilege Card/EDM has to be presented at participating outlets to enjoy the special discounts and promotions.All promotions are valid at participating outlets in Jewel Changi Airport only.Promotions are subject to availability and respective outlet's terms and conditions.Please visit the respective outlet for the full terms and conditions.Tourist Perks:Tourists are required to present their passport as well as their Mastercardat Level 1 Jewel Concierge for verification to redeem for the $5 Retail Voucher.$5 Retail Voucher and $5 Attractions Voucher redemption is for tourists. Our Concierge may request to see the travellers boarding pass stub to facilitate the redemption.Limited to one redemption per tourist per day, while stocks last.Jewel Changi Airport Trustee reserves the right to amend the terms and conditions of the promotion. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Jewel Changi Airport Terms & Conditions: - This voucher is valid for use with no minimum spend at participating shops, restaurants and attractions inJewel Changi Airportonly (excluding YOTELAIRSingapore Changi Airport, Apple, Dyson Demo Store Service Centre, Fun Claw, kcuts, Luckin Coffee, Minmed Wellness Collective, RICH & GOOD CAKE SHOP SINCE 1997, GIFT by Changi Airport and Changi Experience Studio). - This voucher is not for sale. - This voucher is not refundable and exchangeable for cash, and cannot be replaced if lost, damaged or expired. - Vouchers cannot be used at event outposts operated by non-tenants. - Any alteration(s) on the voucher will not be accepted. - Jewel Changi Airport reserves the right to vary the vouchers terms and conditions and/or cease the acceptance of the voucher without prior notice. Terms & Conditions: - This voucher is valid for use with a minimum spend of S$30 at participating retail shops inJewel Changi Airportonly. - This voucher is not refundable and exchangeable for cash, and cannot be replaced if lost, damaged or expired. - Limited to 1 voucher redemption per transaction and the voucher is not stackable. - Vouchers cannot be used at event outposts operated by non-tenants. - Any alteration(s) on the voucher will not be accepted. - Jewel Changi Airport reserves the right to vary the vouchers terms and conditions and/or cease the acceptance of the voucher without prior notice. Participating Tenants -Beauty and Wellness :Amaris, Bath & Body Works, Beautique by iShopChangi, Cuttour Hair Studio, Dragon Brand Bird's Nest, Eu Yan Sang, Expressions, LAC, Maison Margiela, Montale Paris, Natureland Spa. Premium, Nectarlife | Pearl de Flore, Ogawa Bespoke, OSIM, Owell, Picota Nail Spa, SkinGO!, Sasa, The Mineral Boutique, Watsons. -Children and Maternity: Cotton On Kids, FILA KIDS, Le Petit Society, Mothercare, My Greatest Child. -Fashion: Calvin Klein, COACH, Desigual, Evisu, Fred Perry, G-Star Raw, Goelia, Goelia Since 1995, Hurley, I'M IN, Kate Spade, LIOU&LANS, Massimo Dutti, Polo Ralph Lauren, Setirom, The Shirt Bar, The Tinsel Rack, Timberland, Traveller World, UNIQLO, Urban Revivo, ZARA. -Handbags, Shoes and Accessories :Aldo, Birkenstock, Boarding Gate, CHARLES & KEITH, Crocs, ECCO, Furla, Lovisa, Marhen J & Sift & Pick, MOTHERHOUSE, Onitsuka Tiger, PAZZION, PEDRO, Samsonite, Teva -Jewellery and Watches :Asian Artistry Fine Jewellery, Black by Blue Brave, Chomel, CHOW TAI FOOK, Grand Seiko, G Shock, Satellite Paris, SK Jewellery, Tag Heuer, TUDOR. -Lifestyle and Gifts: ActionCity, AWHSOME by Hyggerium,Challenger, DJI, GIFT by Changi Airport, HANDS, I SG, MINISO, MUJI, Otaku House, Pokmon Center Singapore, POP MART, Sanrio, Simply Toys, Smiggle, Sparkle, The Digital Gadgets, The Wonder Store, Toys' R Us. -Optical: Lenskart, Oakley, OWNDAYS, Ray-Ban, Spectacle Hut Boutique. -Sports:adidas, ASICS, Columbia, Converse, DESCENTE, Foot Locker, FILA Flagship S.E.A, New Balance, New Era, Nike, OYSHO, Skechers, Sun Paradise, Weston Corp. -Supermarket:Fairprice Finest, DON DON DONKI. Please referherefor the full list of terms and conditions. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Participating Outlets Redeem your Changi e-Voucher Flexi with Changi Rewards points and use it at the participating outlets to offset your purchases! For more information on Changi Rewards Changi e-Voucher Flexi, please clickhere. - Shoppers must be a Changi Rewards Member to use Changi e-Voucher Flexi.- Only Changi e-Voucher Flexi can be used at participating outlets in Jewel Changi Airport.For list of non-participating outlets, please clickhere.- Changi e-Voucher Flexi cannot be used at the following:- YOTELAIR Singapore Changi Airport- Jewel Attractions tickets- Changi Experience Studio tickets- Temporary vendors at promotional spaces, e.g. Jewel Atrium, Cloud9 Piazza and Pop-up Stores- Banks/ ATMs/ Money Changers/ Financial Services- SISTIC/ AXS/ SAM payments- Cash Card/ Stored Value Cards Top-Up transactions- Lounges, passenger meeting services counters, left luggage service counters, tour and travel services- Online purchases- Car rental services, airport shuttle and transportation counters- Tobacco products- Clickherefor the list ofFrequently Asked Question.- Other terms and conditions by Jewel Changi Airport Devt Pte Ltd, Jewel Double Rewards and Changi Rewards apply. - Shoppers must be a Changi Rewards Member to use Changi e-Voucher Flexi. - Only Changi e-Voucher Flexi can be used at participating outlets in Jewel Changi Airport.For list of non-participating outlets, please clickhere. - Changi e-Voucher Flexi cannot be used at the following: - YOTELAIR Singapore Changi Airport - Jewel Attractions tickets - Changi Experience Studio tickets - Temporary vendors at promotional spaces, e.g. Jewel Atrium, Cloud9 Piazza and Pop-up Stores - Banks/ ATMs/ Money Changers/ Financial Services - SISTIC/ AXS/ SAM payments - Cash Card/ Stored Value Cards Top-Up transactions - Lounges, passenger meeting services counters, left luggage service counters, tour and travel services - Online purchases - Car rental services, airport shuttle and transportation counters - Tobacco products - Clickherefor the list ofFrequently Asked Question. - Other terms and conditions by Jewel Changi Airport Devt Pte Ltd, Jewel Double Rewards and Changi Rewards apply. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Participating Outlets eCapitaVoucher is now accepted at Jewel Changi Airport! Redeem your eCapitaVoucher with STAR$ and use it at the participating outlets to offset your purchases! - Shoppers must be a CapitaStar Member to useeCapitaVouchers.- Only eCapitaVoucher (the digital form of CapitaVouchers) can be used at participating outlets in Jewel Changi Airport.- eCapitaVoucher can be used at participating Jewel Changi Airport outlets, with the exception to:Arabica %01-K208A&WB2-209Anthology by Compendium Spirits01-K210Apple02-234/235/236AwHsome by Hyggerium02-214Beanfolks by Lemuel Chocolate03-207Birds of Paradise Gelato Boutique01--229ChallengerB2-214/215Chocolate Origin01-230Columbia02-241Coucou Hotpot.Brew Tea02-208/209DESCENTE02-220/221/222Din Tai Fung03-214/215Dragon Brand Bird's Nest03-210Don Don DonkiB1-224Dyson Demo Store Service Centre02-224/225Fong Sheng HaoB2-232Frozen Heart Fried Ice CreamB2-258Funclaw04-206/207Gelatissmo03-206Gift by Changi Airport04-233GoeliaB1-250Goelia Since 1995B1-291HOOGAB1-217/218Ipoh TownB1-299Imperial Treasure Super Peking Duck01-219/220Jolly Fields by Zoomoov04-225Kantin05-206/207KcutsB2-204Kee Wah BakeryB2-252Kei Kaisendon03-213Keong Saik Bakery01-K214Kenangan CoffeeB2-255KOI ExpressB2-263LavenderB2-253/254Laderach Chocolatier Suisse01-241Le Petit SocietyB1-292Luckin Coffee04-231/232Mamma Mia Trattoria E Caff04-200McDonald'sB1-298Minmed Wellness Collective04- Life | Pearl de FloreB1-295/296NaixueB1-243Natureland Spa. Premium04-215-217New Era02-238Otaku House04-240Polo Ralph Lauren01-258Poulet Bijou01-227Sanrio Characters Pop-Up Store04-220/221Satellite ParisB1-207SetiromB1-208/209SkinGO!B2-203SmiggleB1-202/203Snack Box03-205Sourbombe Artisanal Bakery02-237Tai Er03-208The Backyard Bakers01-234The Digital Gadgets04-241/242The Mineral BoutiqueB1-205/206The Tinsel RackB1-256TOYS R US/ KiztopiaB1-210Traveller WorldB1-228Treasures Yi Dian Xin01-221/222Tsui Wah03-230Ya Kun Kaya Toast01-K206/207WatsonsB2-217/218Weston Corp02- Singapore Changi AirportJewel Attractions ticketsChangi Experience Studio ticketsTemporary vendors at promotional spaces, e.g. Jewel Atrium, Cloud9 Piazza and Pop-up StoresBanks/ ATMs/ Money Changers/ Financial ServicesSISTIC/ AXS/ SAM paymentsCash Card/ Stored Value Cards Top-Up transactionsLounges, passenger meeting services counters, left luggage servicecounters, tour and travel servicesOnline purchasesCar rental services, airport shuttle and transportation countersTobacco products- Other terms and conditions by Jewel Changi Airport Devt Pte Ltd, Jewel Double Rewards, CapitaStar and eCapitaVoucher apply. - Shoppers must be a CapitaStar Member to useeCapitaVouchers. - Only eCapitaVoucher (the digital form of CapitaVouchers) can be used at participating outlets in Jewel Changi Airport. - eCapitaVoucher can be used at participating Jewel Changi Airport outlets, with the exception to: - Other terms and conditions by Jewel Changi Airport Devt Pte Ltd, Jewel Double Rewards, CapitaStar and eCapitaVoucher apply. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Connected to T1, T2 and T3 Hotel facilities 2,500 car park spaces Accessible from Changi Airport MRT station Embark on a learning journey to uncover lesser-known facts about Jewel and the exciting offerings available to everyone!Find out how Jewel enhances travellers experiences with services such as early check-in facilities and the various offerings at Changi Lounge. Get to learn more about the curation behind the retail offerings available at Jewel!Experience a wondrous world at the exciting Canopy Park with first-of-its-kind play attractions suitable for the young and the young-at-heart. Look forward to a leisure stroll along one of the two walking trails in the lush Shiseido Forest Valley while enjoying breath-taking views of the HSBC Rain Vortex.For individual bookings, please registerhere.For schools or corporate bookings and enquiries, please emailguidedtour@jewelchangiairport.com.*Minimum 20 pax for school groups and 10 pax for corporate groups. Embark on a learning journey to uncover lesser-known facts about Jewel and the exciting offerings available to everyone! Find out how Jewel enhances travellers experiences with services such as early check-in facilities and the various offerings at Changi Lounge. Get to learn more about the curation behind the retail offerings available at Jewel! Experience a wondrous world at the exciting Canopy Park with first-of-its-kind play attractions suitable for the young and the young-at-heart. Look forward to a leisure stroll along one of the two walking trails in the lush Shiseido Forest Valley while enjoying breath-taking views of the HSBC Rain Vortex. For individual bookings, please registerhere. For schools or corporate bookings and enquiries, please emailguidedtour@jewelchangiairport.com. *Minimum 20 pax for school groups and 10 pax for corporate groups. 1 hour 30 mins (approx.) Minimum 10 pax From $45 per pax Tour is conducted in English and Mandarin Looking for a unique teambuilding experience for your company? With a wide range of activities & programmes available to suit your needs, hold your corporate team development or learning journey with us, where staff can participate in interesting challenges in the cool comfort of Jewels all-weather indoor environment!For corporate bookings and enquiries, please emailguidedtour@jewelchangiairport.com. Looking for a unique teambuilding experience for your company? With a wide range of activities & programmes available to suit your needs, hold your corporate team development or learning journey with us, where staff can participate in interesting challenges in the cool comfort of Jewels all-weather indoor environment! For corporate bookings and enquiries, please emailguidedtour@jewelchangiairport.com. 2 hour 30 mins (approx.) Minimum 15 pax from $100 per pax Programme is conducted in English STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Monthly Canopy Park / Shiseido Forest Valley Ever wondered how the trees and plants at Jewel are maintained? We are now offering an opportunity for interested parties to have a hands-on experience of tending to the plants at Singapores iconic destination, Jewel!You will get to learn more about the behind-the-scenes at the best airport in the world! Do you enjoy gardening? The BeLeafers programme offers you a hands-on experience with gardening not just at Jewel, but also at other locations in the airport community. This can double up as a great bonding activity for friends and families. Everyone is welcomed, from gardening novice to experts, you can now be a part of the team involved in the gardening sessions at Jewel and the airport. Learn basic pruning and weeding techniques, or even have a chat with our horticulture expert about all plant-related questions when you participate in the BeLeafers volunteer programme. These sessions will take you through the lush and tranquil landscapes of the Shiseido Forest Valley, Canopy Park, Jewels external gardens and even Changi Airport nursery. Do dress comfortably as you will need to bend or squat as you tend to our plants! Sign up for the BeLeafers volunteer programmeheretoday! *The programme is open to able-bodied participants ages 13 years old and above, and volunteers who are able to handle gardening/sharp tools. **The programme is catered for individuals. If you would like to find out more about team building programmes available at Jewel, please clickhere! STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more You're never short of a good deal when you visit Jewel. Be tempted by these exciting offers exclusively at Jewel! You're never short of a good deal when you visit Jewel. Be tempted by these exciting offers exclusively at Jewel! STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Enjoy the following special rates when you enter the respectivepromo codes from Citibank when purchasing the tickets online via Jewels Ticketing website: Discount is not valid for Canopy Park and Bundle Packages 3 and 4 on Jewels Ticketing website. Terms & Conditionsapply. Valid until 31 December 2024. Buy your ticketshere! Enjoy 25% off Standard admission rates to all attractions except Canopy Park, 20% off Jewel-rassic Quest, 20% off Bundle Deals 1 and 2, and 10% off PlayAtJewel Membership when you key in the exclusive promo code from DBS/POSB before making payment. Buy your ticketshere! Terms & Conditionsapply. Valid till 30 June 2025. Enjoy10% off Individual Attractions Singapore Residents rates and25% off Jewel-rassic Quest Singapore Residents rates, when youenter the promo code from HOMETEAM NS when purchasing the tickets online via Jewels Ticketing website. Discount is not valid for Canopy Park and Bundle Packages 1 to 4 on Jewels Ticketing website. Terms & Conditionsapply. Valid until 31 December 2024. Buy your ticketshere! Enjoy 25% off Standard Individual attraction tickets (Excluding Canopy Park & Jewel-rassic Quest) and 20% off Bundle Deal 1 and 2, when you present your JCB card at L1 Concierge or L5 Ticketing Counter. Terms & Conditionsapply. Valid until 31 October 2025. Buy your ticketshere! Get15% off Standard Individual Attraction Tickets (Exclude Canopy Park & Bundle Deals) when you key in the exclusive promo code from Keppel Electric before making payment. Get 15% off Jewel-rassic Standard ticket too! Buy your ticketshere! Terms & Conditionsapply. Valid until31 December 2024. Get10% off Singapore Residents Rate (Exclude Canopy Park & Bundle Deals) when you key in the exclusive promo code from PAssion before making payment. Get 25% off Jewel-rassic Quest Singapore Residents ticket too! Buy your ticketshere! Terms & Conditionsapply. Valid until 31 December 2024. Get10% Off Individual Attraction Singapore Resident rates (Exclude Canopy Park & Bundle Deals) when you key in the exclusive promo code from SAFRA before making payment. Get 25% off Jewel-rassic Quest Singapore Resident rates too! Buy your ticketshere! Terms & Conditionsapply. Valid until30 June 2025. Enjoy 25% off Standard admission rates to all attractions except Canopy Park, 20% off Jewel-rassic Quest and 20% off Bundle Deals 1 and 2, and 10% off PlayAtJewel Membership when you key in the exclusive promo code from UOB before making payment. Buy your ticketshere! Terms & Conditionsapply. Valid till 30 Apr 2025. 1x Free Canopy Park Admission for Changi Account member during your birthday month! Term and Conditions Apply. Valid till 31 March 2025. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more With its iconic architecture, amazing indoor gardens, one-of-a-kind attractions, and unique shopping and dining options, Jewel Changi Airport is the ideal venue for your wedding celebrations.Exchange your vows against the backdrop of the world's tallest indoor waterfall - Jewel Rain Vortex and the lush greenery of the Shiseido Forest Valley, or capture your memories in the cool comfort of the beautiful garden complete with a floral arch, plan for your picture-perfect wedding at Jewel. With its iconic architecture, amazing indoor gardens, one-of-a-kind attractions, and unique shopping and dining options, Jewel Changi Airport is the ideal venue for your wedding celebrations. Exchange your vows against the backdrop of the world's tallest indoor waterfall - Jewel Rain Vortex and the lush greenery of the Shiseido Forest Valley, or capture your memories in the cool comfort of the beautiful garden complete with a floral arch, plan for your picture-perfect wedding at Jewel. If you have always dreamed of having your wedding reception in an air-conditioned garden environment, we have the perfect location for you! Jewel's Canopy Park is now available for wedding engagement bookings, and it even comes with a floral arch for that picture perfect "I Do" moment! Enquire now:venuehire@jewelchangiairport.com Download theFAQ ViewVirtual Tour Level 5 Canopy Park 120 sqm Up to 20 guests Complimentary access to Canopy Park Setup not included in the package Located at level 4 of Jewel, the Jewel Suite is a private lounge that comes fully equipped with amenities such as a TV lounge, bar counter, private room, and a balcony that has unparalleled views of the Jewel Rain Vortex. There are also toilet and bathing facilities within the Jewel Suite. With a luxurious interior and fittings, the Jewel Suite is the perfect spot for couples who seek a private setting with a sense of intimacy. Service staff will also be stationed in the room to assist with guests' needs. Enquire now:venuehire@jewelchangiairport.com Download theFAQ ViewVirtual Tour Level 4 125sqm Up to 25guests  and beverages (Coffee, Tea, Soft Drinks) Service staff stationed in the suite to assist with guests' needs F&B Catering Packages available Amenities:- Main lounge- TV Lounge(Loewe TV)- Private Room- Bar Counter-Privatebalcony with views of the Jewel RainVortex- Toilet and bathing facilities An iconic landmark in Singapore where lush nature meets stunning architecture, Jewel Changi Airport is a one-of-its-kind venue for every occasion. Hold celebrations at the top level of this architectural wonder, against the backdrop of the breathtaking Jewel Rain Vortex. Be captivated by the magical garden sanctuary and bask in the glorious natural light, and as the skies turn from dusk to dawn, celebrate the start of your new chapter in life. At a sizeable 1,000 sqm, Cloud9 Piazza offers abundant customisable opportunities to make your dream wedding come true. Enquire now:cloud9piazza@changiairport.com Level 5 Hold an intimate solemnisation at the elegant Valley View Private Suite, which is tucked away from public view. Enclosed with a private open balcony overlooking the Shiseido Forest Valley, the idyllic views of the valleys lush greenery complete the romantic garden theme. Couples hosting a smaller group of guests will find the suites size and cushy fit-out perfect. A cosy tea reception is also possible with the support of a comprehensive panel of catering partners. Enquire now:cloud9piazza@changiairport.com Level 4 STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more A destination in itself, Jewel is home to a range of unique event and meeting spaces that offer some of Singapores most stunning views, including the majestic HSBC Rain Vortex. From larger scale corporate gala dinners, conferences and events, lifestyle brand launches, to cosy festive and birthday celebrations, our one-of-a-kind venues provide memorable experiences for different occasions and is set to elevate your events like none other. A destination in itself, Jewel is home to a range of unique event and meeting spaces that offer some of Singapores most stunning views, including the majestic HSBC Rain Vortex. From larger scale corporate gala dinners, conferences and events, lifestyle brand launches, to cosy festive and birthday celebrations, our one-of-a-kind venues provide memorable experiences for different occasions and is set to elevate your events like none other. Surrounded by world-renowned international and popular homegrown brands, the B1 Jewel Atrium is where exciting events come to live! Enquire now:atriumsales@jewelchangiairport.com Basement 1 Jewel Suite is designed to offer an exemplary dedicated space that provides a sense of intimacy, together with a spectacular view of the Jewel Rain Vortex from the terrace. ViewVirtual Tour Enquire now:contact.us@jewelchangiairport.com Level 4 Located on the top level of Jewel and surrounded by a beautiful park with unique play attractions, Cloud9 Piazza offers guests an unparalleled view of the Jewel Rain Vortex in a refreshing alfresco setting in air-conditioned comfort. It is an ideal space for corporate and community functions, as well as consumer lifestyle and experiential events. Enquire now:cloud9piazza@changiairport.com(for Cloud9 Piazza) andces.sales@changiairport.com(for multiple venue enquiries across Venues 3 to 8) Level 5 In this first-of-its-kind digitalattraction, go on a journey of fun and discovery through the exciting virtual world of Changi Airport. Enjoy fun games and interactive exhibits that will delight both adults and kids. With over 20 different touchpoints and 10 content zones spread across an area of 3,000sqm, the attraction is an ideal venue for Family Day events, corporate team building, company townhalls, conferences and client networking events. Within the studio, there is an exclusive 12m-long balcony offering panoramic and unblocked views of the Jewel Rain Vortex, adding to the wow factor of your corporate event. Contact us for exclusive options to book out the entire studio for your private corporate event. Enquire now:ces.sales@changiairport.com(for multiple venue enquiry across Venues 3 to 8) Level 4 Within the vicinity of Changi Experience Studio, there is a seminar room well-equipped for corporate meetings, seminars, workshops and cosy private functions. Enquire now:ces.sales@changiairport.com(for multiple venue enquiry across Venues 3 to 8) Level 4, within Changi Experience Studio Keen to hold a reception or cocktail session in Changi Experience Studio without booking the entire studio? There is the option to book just the event space within the studio that offers an exclusive view of the Jewel Rain Vortex. Surrounded by fun, the venue allows you to cap off an engaging event of fun with an enjoyable reception that provides opportunities for your guests to network over a picturesque backdrop. Enquire now:ces.sales@changiairport.com(for multiple venue enquiry across Venues 3 to 8) Level 4, within Changi Experience Studio, #04-300 Have overseas guests you need to have an official meeting with near the airport? Or looking for a unique venue to host your off-site meeting? The Changi Lounge has well-equipped meeting rooms that are suitable for private meetings in an exclusive setting. One meeting room can accommodate up to 8 persons. There are options to combine two meeting rooms into a single larger one that can accommodate up to 16 persons. Enquire now:reservations.changilounge@changiairport.com(for multiple venue enquiry across Venues 3 to 8) Level 1, Changi Lounge For an exclusive private event, opt for the elegant Valley View Private Suite, which is nicely tucked away from public view, to host your VIPs and C-suite guests. With a formal boardroom section equipped with meeting facilities, as well as an attached lounge area providing luxurious comfort, the suite is ideal for board and senior management meetings, as well as for hosting distinguished guests on special occasions like wedding solemnisations. The highlight of the room is the open balcony overlooking the Shiseido Forest Valley, providing idyllic views of the valleys lush greenery, perfect for a relaxing tea reception in a garden setting. Enquire now:ces.sales@changiairport.com/(for multiple venue enquiry across Venues 3 to 8) Level 4 92 sqm 40 Guests Audio-visual equipment Flipchart boards and whiteboards with coloured markers Complimentary Wifi Panel of Renowned Caterers STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more AN AUGMENTED REALITY EXPERIENCE WITH DINOSAURS Embark on a thrilling adventure by teleporting 89 million years back to the Cretaceous period. Armed with a TimeLens, cadet rangers meet larger-than-life dinosaurs augmented against the lush greenery of the Shiseido Forest Valley and Canopy Park. Complete the mission and participate in activities and games while learning more about behemoth creatures! Recommended age: 6 years old & above 10.30AM/ 5.30PM Level 1 Concierge Counter Ticket price includes: * Disposable earpiece will be provided. Guest may use their own personal audio device that is compatible with 3.5mm jack as well Standard Rate: SGD 20 Singapore Residents*: SGD 18 CapitaStar Members &Changi Rewards MembersSpecial Rate[Available at Jewel Concierge Counters (L1, 2, 5)]: SGD 16.20 Mastercard Cardholders Special Rate Key in promo codeMCJEWELto access special rates for Mastercard cardholders. While stocks last. Notes: *Applicable for Singapore citizens, permanent residents, employment pass, work permit and dependent pass holders. Proof of residency may be required at the point of ticket purchase and upon admission. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Suspended across a void, this is one walk you won't forget. A taut web 25 metres above ground affords an indescribable sensation of lightness. 10:00AM - 9:00PMLast admission is 30 mins prior to closing time Canopy Park (L5) Recommended attire: - Pants or shorts - Comfortable covered shoes Luggage and wheeled bags are not allowed for safety reasons. Please leave your bags at the Baggage Storage. Walking Net#ticket includes admission toCanopy Park(Incl. Discovery Slides#,Foggy Bowls,Petal Garden,Topiary Walk). Standard Rate Adult- SGD18.90 Child - SGD13.90 Singapore Residents* Adult- SGD15.90 Child/**Student/Senior - SGD10.90 CapitaStar Members &Changi Rewards Members Special Rate[Available only at Jewel Concierge Counters (L1, 2, 5)] Adult - SGD14.30 Child/**Student/Senior - SGD 9.80 Child: 3 - 12 years old | Senior: 60 years old and aboveAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. * Applicable for Singapore citizens, permanent residents, employment pass, work permit and dependent pass holders. Proof of residency may be required at the point of ticket purchase and upon admission. **Currentstudents of local Universities, Polytechnics, Junior Colleges, Institutes of Technical Education and Secondary School holding a valid student photo ID are eligible to purchase student ticket. Verification will be done at the point of entry. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 39 | **Child - SGD 29 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# 6.Bouncing Net^# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 54 | **Child - SGD 39 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 56 | **Child - SGD 40 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# 7. Bouncing Net^# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 71 | **Child - SGD 50 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Experience the thrill of being almost weightless as you leap about this giant net! At its highest point at 8 metres above the ground, you'll feel like you can reach the sky. 10:00AM - 9:00PMLast admission is 30 mins prior to closing time Canopy Park (L5) Recommended attire: - Pants or shorts - Comfortable covered shoes Luggage and wheeled bags are not allowed for safety reasons. Please leave your bags at the Baggage Storage. Bouncing Net^#ticket includes admission to Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#,Foggy Bowls,Petal Garden,Topiary Walk). Standard Rate Adult- SGD 24.90 Child - SGD 19.90 Singapore Residents* Adult- SGD 20.90 Child/**Student/Senior - SGD 15.90 CapitaStar Members &Changi Rewards MembersSpecial Rate[Available at Jewel Concierge Counters (L1, 2, 5)] Adult - SGD 18.80 Child/**Student/Senior - SGD 14.30 Child: 3 - 12 years old | Senior: 60 years old and aboveAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. * Applicable for Singapore citizens, permanent residents, employment pass, work permit and dependent pass holders. Proof of residency may be required at the point of ticket purchase and upon admission. **Currentstudents of local Universities, Polytechnics, Junior Colleges, Institutes of Technical Education and Secondary School holding a valid student photo ID are eligible to purchase student ticket. Verification will be done at the point of entry. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# 6.Bouncing Net^# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 54 | **Child - SGD 39 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# 7. Bouncing Net^# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 71 | **Child - SGD 50 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more The Mirror Maze boasts a unique cover of greenery branching overhead, creating the illusion of endless bowers before you. 10:00AM - 9:00PMLast admission is 30 mins prior to closing time Canopy Park (L5) Recommended attire: Comfortable covered shoes Luggage and wheeled bags are not allowed for safety reasons. Please leave your bags atthe Baggage Storage. Mirror Maze ticket includes admission toCanopy Park(Incl. Discovery Slides#,Foggy Bowls,Petal Garden,Topiary Walk). Standard Rate Adult- SGD18.90 Child - SGD13.90 Singapore Residents* Adult- SGD15.90 Child/**Student/Senior - SGD10.90 CapitaStar Members & Changi Rewards MembersSpecial Rate[Available at Jewel Concierge Counters (L1, 2, 5)] Adult - SGD14.30 Child/**Student/Senior - SGD9.80 Child: 3 - 12 years old | Senior: 60 years old and above All Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult. * Applicable for Singapore citizens, permanent residents, employment pass, work permit and dependent pass holders. Proof of residency may be required at the point of ticket purchase and upon admission. **Current students of local Universities, Polytechnics, Junior Colleges, Institutes of Technical Education and Secondary School holding a valid student photo ID are eligible to purchase student ticket. Verification will be done at the point of entry. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 39 | **Child - SGD 29 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# 6.Bouncing Net^# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 54 | **Child - SGD 39 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 56 | **Child - SGD 40 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# 7. Bouncing Net^# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 71 | **Child - SGD 50 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Have a field day weaving your way through Singapore's largest hedge maze. Be rewarded with a bird's eye view of the maze's intricate windings when you reach the watch tower at its core. 10:00AM - 9:00PMLast admission is 30 mins prior to closing time Canopy Park (L5) Recommended attire: Comfortable covered shoes Luggage and wheeled bags are not allowed for safety reasons. Please leave your bags at the Baggage Storage. Hedge Mazeticket includes admission toCanopy Park(Incl. Discovery Slides#,Foggy Bowls,Petal Garden,Topiary Walk). Standard Rate Adult- SGD13.90 Child - SGD11.90 Singapore Residents* Adult- SGD11.90 Child/**Student/Senior - SGD 8.90 CapitaStar Members &Changi Rewards Members Special Rate [Available at Jewel Concierge Counters (L1, 2, 5)] Adult - SGD 10.70 Child/**Student/Senior - SGD 8 Child: 3 - 12 years old | Senior: 60 years old and aboveAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. * Applicable for Singapore citizens, permanent residents, employment pass, work permit and dependent pass holders. Proof of residency may be required at the point of ticket purchase and upon admission. **Current students of local Universities, Polytechnics, Junior Colleges, Institutes of Technical Education and Secondary School holding a valid student photo ID are eligible to purchase student ticket. Verification will be done at the point of entry. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 39 | **Child - SGD 29 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# 6.Bouncing Net^# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 54 | **Child - SGD 39 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 56 | **Child - SGD 40 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# 7. Bouncing Net^# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 71 | **Child - SGD 50 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Suspended 23 metres above ground, take a walk on the Mastercard Canopy Bridge for a gripping vantage point. With a glass bottom at the centre portion and fog emitted at both ends, experience what it feels like to walk among the clouds. 10:00am - 9:00pmLast admission is 30 mins prior to closing time Canopy Park (L5) Recommended attire: - Pants or shorts - Comfortable covered shoes Luggage and wheeled bags are not allowed for safety reasons. Please leave your bags at the Baggage Storage. Mastercard Canopy Bridge ticket includes admission toCanopy Park(Incl. Discovery Slides#,Foggy Bowls,Petal Garden,Topiary Walk). Standard Rate Adult- SGD 13.90 Child - SGD 11.90 Singapore Residents* Adult- SGD11.90 Child/**Student/Senior - SGD 8.90 CapitaStar Members&Changi Rewards MembersSpecial Rate[Available at Jewel Concierge Counters (L1, 2, 5)] Adult- SGD 10.70 Child/**Student/Senior - SGD 8 Mastercard Cardholders Special Rate Get 1-for-1 ticket to MastercardCanopy Bridge. Key in promo codeMCJEWELto access special rates for Mastercard cardholders. Mondays to Thursdays, while stocks last. Not applicable on Public Holidays. Child: 3 - 12 years old | Senior: 60 years old and aboveAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult. * Applicable for Singapore citizens, permanent residents, employment pass, work permit and dependent pass holders. Proof of residency may be required at the point of ticket purchase and upon admission. **Currentstudents of local Universities, Polytechnics, Junior Colleges, Institutes of Technical Education and Secondary School holding a valid student photo ID are eligible to purchase student ticket. Verification will be done at the point of entry. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 39 | **Child - SGD 29 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# 6.Bouncing Net^# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 54 | **Child - SGD 39 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 56 | **Child - SGD 40 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# 7. Bouncing Net^# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 71 | **Child - SGD 50 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more It's a work of art; it's a playground; it's a viewing deck Discover for yourself the different ways to enjoy this giant sculptural playscape! Mon - Thu:10:00AM - 9:00PMFri - Sun, PH & Eve of PH:10:00AM - 10:00PMLast admission is 30 mins prior to closing time Canopy Park (L5) Recommended attire: - Pants or shorts - Comfortable covered shoes Luggage and wheeled bags are not allowed for safety reasons. Please leave your bags at the baggage storage. Canopy Park ticket includes: 1. Discovery Slides# 2. Foggy Bowls 3. Petal Garden 4. Topiary Walk Standard Rate Adult/Child - SGD 8 Singapore Residents* Adult/Child/**Student/Senior - SGD 6 CapitaStar Members &Changi Rewards Members Special Rate[Available at Jewel Concierge Counters (L1, 2, 5)] Adult/Child/**Student/Senior - SGD 5.40 Child: 3 - 12 years old | Senior: 60 years old and aboveAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. * Applicable for Singapore citizens, permanent residents, employment pass, work permit and dependent pass holders. Proof of residency may be required at the point of ticket purchase and upon admission. **Current students of local Universities, Polytechnics, Junior Colleges, Institutes of Technical Education and Secondary School holding a valid student photo ID are eligible to purchase student ticket. Verification will be done at the point of entry. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 39 | **Child - SGD 29 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# 6.Bouncing Net^# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 54 | **Child - SGD 39 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 56 | **Child - SGD 40 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# 7. Bouncing Net^# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 71 | **Child - SGD 50 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Go on a journey of fun and discovery through the exciting virtual world of Changi Airport! Engage in the wonder of amazing projection experiences and enjoy interactive games and immersive shows. In this first-of-its-kind digital attraction, experience the magic of technology and learn about aviation and what makes the airport tick. For general enquiries on ticketing or admission, please email toces.enquiry@changiairport.com. For enquiries on event bookings, schools or corporate visits, please email toces.sales@changiairport.com. Mon - Fri : 11:00AM - 8:00PM Last admission at 7.00PM)Sat, Sun & PH: 10:00AM - 8:00PM Last admission at 7.00PM) L4 CHANGI EXPERIENCE STUDIO Explore and enjoy 20 different interactive touchpoints over 10 content zones. Learn about the history and development of Changi, go behind the scenes of its operations and play games simulating airport functions. A fascinating journey of discovery and play for both adults and children alike. Changi Experience Studio tells the stories of Changi Airport and gives a glimpse into what lies behind the success of Singapores air hub. Besides being a showcase of digital innovation in edutainment and experience creation, the studio also offers a specially curated range of programmes for both adults and students to gain a deeper understanding of how Changi Airport is managed and its innovation journey. Find out more about its programmes. Experience Le Petit Chef at Changi Experience Studioa world-first culinary adventure where aviation meets gourmet dining! This immersive experience combines 3D projection and aviation-themed storytelling, bringing the tiny chefs journey to life right at your table. Each dish, inspired by his globetrotting adventures, offers a feast for the eyes and palate. Shows run every Friday to Sunday from 29 November 2024, with festive and seasonal menus to look forward to. Limited slots available. Book your seats today! BOOK YOUR SEATS NOW BOOK YOUR SEATS NOW BOOK YOUR SEATS NOW Standard Rate - Adult Adult - SGD 25 |Child/Senior - SGD 17 Singapore Residents* Adult - SGD 19.80 | - SGD 14.80 Family Value Bundle Incl. 2 Adult and 2Child/Senior tickets - SGD 59.80 CapitaStar Members[Available only at Jewel Concierge Counters (L1, 2, 5) and CES Ticketing Counter] Changi Rewards Members[Available on Jewel App and at Jewel Concierge Counters (L1, 2, 5) and CES Ticketing Counter] Adult - SGD 18.80 | - SGD 13.80 Child: 5 - 12 years of age. Free admission for children below age 5. All Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult Senior: 60 years of age and above IMPORTANT NOTES: STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES BUY NOW ON CHANGI APP BUY NOW ON CHANGI APP BUY NOW ON CHANGI APP Buckle up and enjoy double the fun with two exciting adrenaline-filled aviation adventures rolled into one amazing bundle deal! Featuring two exciting attractions: a 15-minute flight simulator flying experience brought into Changi Experience Studio from a real flight school - Aeroviation, plus entry to the fun airport-themed digital attraction, Take Flight at Changi Airport Aviation Experience allows you to experience the thrill of piloting an aircraft over Singapores skyline in a flight simulator and learn all about Changi Airport through fun and games! Take Flight at Changi Airport Aviation Experience Bundle Promo Rate Adult - SGD 44.80 (U.P. SGD64) | Child/Senior/ Student^ - SGD 39.20 (U.P. SGD56) Important Notes: BUY YOUR TICKETS NOW BUY YOUR TICKETS NOW BUY YOUR TICKETS NOW Make birthday celebrations a magical one at Changi Experience Studio! In a decorated party venue, celebrate your little loved ones special day with family and friends, with a special birthday gift and exclusive goodie bags for your guests. As part of the party, enjoy a fun-filled time and create unforgettable memories playing all games about the airport within the attraction! Birthday party packages start from $688++. Package includes: Emailces.sales@changiairport.comto book or find out more. FIND OUT MORE FIND OUT MORE FIND OUT MORE Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 56 | **Child - SGD 40 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# 7. Bouncing Net^# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 71 | **Child - SGD 50 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more The worlds tallest indoor waterfall. Come marvel at the stunning display of water cascading down 7 storeys at the heart of Jewel! Trip.com Light & Music Showcase: Mon - Thu: 7.30pm, 8.00pm & 9.00pm Fri - Sun, PH & Eve of PH: 7.30pm, 8.00pm, 9.00pm & 10.00pm [Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. Mon - Thu:11:00AM - 10:00PMFri - Sun, including PH:10:00AM - 10:00PM Heart of Shiseido Forest Valley JEWEL RAIN VORTEX Flowing 40 metres down to the basement, the mighty cascade will mesmerise you as the sunlight catches the spray. When the sky outside darkens, the continuous pour of the Jewel Rain Vortex takes on a mystic splendour. Come nightfall, the sheet of water becomes a Light & Music Showcase. Relax at one of the many vantage points surrounding it and enjoy the show. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Canopy Park, located at the topmost level (L5) of Jewel, welcomes the young and young at heart with an array of exciting play attractions. From mazes to bouncing nets, it's all fun. Take a stroll along creative garden trails, glide down giant slides or hide in bowls of gentle mist. Mon - Thu:10:00AM - 9:00PMFri - Sun, Eve & PH:10:00AM - 10:00PMLast admission is 30 mins prior to closing time Level 5 Jewel's top floor is a 14,000 sqm recreational wonderland for all. Play or dine under the sparkling glass canopy amidst luscious foliage. Admission to Canopy Park includes: 1.Discovery Slides 2.Foggy Bowls 3.Petal Garden 4.Topiary Walk Canopy Park admission is included when you purchase the following: 1.MastercardCanopy Bridge 2.Hedge Maze 3.Mirror Maze 4.BouncingNet 5.Walking Net Canopy Park ticket includes: 1. Discovery Slides# 2. Foggy Bowls 3. Petal Garden 4. Topiary Walk Standard Rate Adult/Child - SGD 8 Singapore Residents* Adult/Child/**Student/Senior - SGD 6 CapitaStar Members &Changi Rewards Members Special Rate[Available at Jewel Concierge Counters (L1, 2, 5)] Adult/Child/**Student/Senior - SGD 5.40 Child: 3 - 12 years old | Senior: 60 years old and aboveAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. * Applicable for Singapore citizens, permanent residents, employment pass, work permit and dependent pass holders. Proof of residency may be required at the point of ticket purchase and upon admission. **Currentstudents of local Universities, Polytechnics, Junior Colleges, Institutes of Technical Education and Secondary School holding a valid student photo ID are eligible to purchase student ticket. Verification will be done at the point of entry. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 39 | **Child - SGD 29 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# 6.Bouncing Net^# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 54 | **Child - SGD 39 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 56 | **Child - SGD 40 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# 7. Bouncing Net^# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 71 | **Child - SGD 50 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Step out of the airport right into a lush green sanctuary, a tranquil retreat in the core of the world's best transport hub. Immerse yourself in this garden wonderland and meet Singapore, the City in a Garden. Shiseido is the proud sponsor of the Shiseido Forest Valley. Experience the SENSE installation at the Shiseido Forest Valleys west trail, with dancing lights illuminating the trees, soothing music playing in the background, and the signature scent of SHISEIDO Ultimune, your senses will be truly delighted. Open daily:24 hours Shiseido Forest Valley: Entry and exit points between Level 1 to Level 4 Allow half an hour for each trail, at a comfortable pace with ample time for photo-taking. There are several exit points and seats along the way. Luggage and wheeled bags are notallowed, butcan beleftat our baggage storage. - Suitable for all ages - High heels not recommended SHISEIDO FOREST VALLEY Explore idyllic landscapes bathed in natural sunlight, a spectacular waterfall at the core. You'll discover intriguing plants from all around the world, with more than 900 trees and palms, and about 60,000 shrubs in this verdant indoor garden. Take a gentle hike up through the Shiseido Forest Valley to the Canopy Park on Jewel's topmost level. The eastern trail leads you past rocky falls, while mists enhance your trek through the western trail. Admire the wide vistas across the Shiseido Forest Valley and find enchantment at every turn. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Let your toddler slip in among puffs of cloud and hide away in gentle bowls of mist. Kids will love the chance to play in this dreamy setting and let their imagination take flight. Mon - Thu:10:00AM - 9:00PMFri - Sun, Eve & PH:10:00AM - 10:00PMLast admission is 30 mins prior to closing time Canopy Park (L5) Recommended attire: Comfortable covered shoe Canopy Park ticket includes: 1. Discovery Slides# 2. Foggy Bowls 3. Petal Garden 4. Topiary Walk Standard Rate Adult/Child - SGD 8 Singapore Residents* Adult/Child/**Student/Senior - SGD 6 CapitaStar Members &Changi Rewards Members Special Rate[Available at Jewel Concierge Counters (L1, 2, 5)] Adult/Child/**Student/Senior - SGD 5.40 Child: 3 - 12 years old | Senior: 60 years old and aboveAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. * Applicable for Singapore citizens, permanent residents, employment pass, work permit and dependent pass holders. Proof of residency may be required at the point of ticket purchase and upon admission. **Current students of local Universities, Polytechnics, Junior Colleges, Institutes of Technical Education and Secondary School holding a valid student photo ID are eligible to purchase student ticket. Verification will be done at the point of entry. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 39 | **Child - SGD 29 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# 6.Bouncing Net^# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 54 | **Child - SGD 39 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 56 | **Child - SGD 40 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# 7. Bouncing Net^# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 71 | **Child - SGD 50 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more While we strive to ensure that the operating hours of our shops and eateries are updated in a timely manner, we seek your understanding that information may change as a result of operational considerations. To avoid disappointment, we recommend checking with the respective store/eatery on their operating hours. While we strive to ensure that the operating hours of our shops and eateries are updated in a timely manner, we seek your understanding that information may change as a result of operational considerations. To avoid disappointment, we recommend checking with the respective store/eatery on their operating hours. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIRHotel in Asia. Whether youre staying for a few hours or overnight, YOTELAIRis just the place for a respite from hectic schedules.YOTELAIRoffers flexible check-in and check-out time, available 24 hours, perfect for business travellers and transit passengers on the go. YOTELAIR's cabins are affordable, comfortable and smartly-designed adaptable spaces, providing all the amenities you need to work or relax, right up till your next flight.You can also enjoy the24/7 signature  Jewel's verdant landscaping. Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIRHotel in Asia. Whether youre staying for a few hours or overnight, YOTELAIRis just the place for a respite from hectic schedules. YOTELAIRoffers flexible check-in and check-out time, available 24 hours, perfect for business travellers and transit passengers on the go. YOTELAIR's cabins are affordable, comfortable and smartly-designed adaptable spaces, providing all the amenities you need to work or relax, right up till your next flight. You can also enjoy the24/7 signature  Jewel's verdant landscaping. Convenient Landside Access KOMYUNITI Club Lounge Complimentary High-speed WiFi Refreshing Rain Shower STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport!*Enjoy Double Rewards in 4 simple steps: The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport!* Enjoy Double Rewards in 4 simple steps: Watch the video below to learn how to link your accounts: Clickherefor Jewel Double Rewards FAQ. *Based on nett spending of $1,000 by a Double Rewards shopper who is a Changi Rewards Platinum member. Terms & Conditions apply. Not just rewards, but a leap into a world of exclusive privileges. The loyalty programme that rewards you when you shop and dine at Changi Airport and Jewel. Sign up for Changi Rewards today. Explore a Universe of Rewards with CapitaStar - Singapore's leading lifestyle app which rewards you on your everyday spend. Simply shop and spend a min. of $10 at Jewel to start earning! Pay and earn Changi Rewards points with one scan at Jewel! Pay and earn Changi Rewards points with one scan at Jewel! Stores Accepting ChangiPay at Jewel Stores Accepting ChangiPay at Jewel Stores Accepting ChangiPay at Jewel Redeem your e-Voucher Flexi with Changi Rewards points to offset your purchases at Jewel today! Redeem your eCapitaVoucher with STAR$ and use it at the participating outlets when you shop and dine here! STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Ongoing Jewel An affiliation of Changi Rewards,Jewel Infinityis a complimentary programme which we offer to selected Changi Rewards Platinum members for bespoke experiences at Jewel Changi Airport.To qualify for the selection criteria, eligible Changi Rewards Platinum members must spend an accumulative ofS$20,000at Jewel for each Changi Rewards programme year.All invitations are reviewed yearly based on Changi Rewards programme year. You can also reach out to us to assess your invitation to Jewel Infinity:marcom@jewelchangiairport.comAnd some of the exclusive benefits that Jewel Infinity members will get to enjoy include:Priority concierge servicesDedicated parking spaces at JewelEarly access to events and promotions An affiliation of Changi Rewards,Jewel Infinityis a complimentary programme which we offer to selected Changi Rewards Platinum members for bespoke experiences at Jewel Changi Airport. To qualify for the selection criteria, eligible Changi Rewards Platinum members must spend an accumulative ofS$20,000at Jewel for each Changi Rewards programme year. All invitations are reviewed yearly based on Changi Rewards programme year. You can also reach out to us to assess your invitation to Jewel Infinity:marcom@jewelchangiairport.com And some of the exclusive benefits that Jewel Infinity members will get to enjoy include: Priority concierge services Dedicated parking spaces at Jewel Early access to events and promotions STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR Jewel Infinity S$20,000 Jewel Infinity marcom@jewelchangiairport.comJewel Infinity Jewel Infinity S$20,000 Jewel Infinity marcom@jewelchangiairport.com Jewel Infinity 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR 5 YOTELAIR Chantalle Ng () Goelia S$80 Chantalle Ng () Goelia S$80 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR SG Clean SG Clean 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR Not Found. 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR / / * *:61159 -L2 -12 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR B1: - FXChange: #B1-K200 &#B1-K206 - UOB: #B1-K201 &#B1-K208 - Maybank: #B1-K202 - OCBC: #B1-K203 - DBS: #B1-K204 - AXS: #B1-K205 - ICBC: #B1-K207 - Citibank: #B1-K209 L4: -FXChange: #04-K200 - - - * #B3-K200 CARs International Hydroshot 10 7 L1 E T R S * * 12 -L2 -12 1 "Jewel 2 "/ 1 / (EV) 1 /B3 C207-212 22 kW AC SP Utilities 30 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR 116109 1 1 610 9 3 S$28++ | S$20++ S$39++ | S$27++ S$50++ | S$39++ 20 S$20++ 9:25 ( 4 8 reservations.changilounge@changiairport.com 2 50% * * Jewel / 1 B3 B5 Priority Pass LoungeKey LoungeKey PassDragon Pass DreamFolks 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR **ADIDASURBAN   A.I.SLANDBATH & BODYWORKSACTION CITYOLE OLECALVIN KLEINAROMA TRUFFLEONITSUKA  BY  by  CHENG HIANGOWNDAYSDON DON DONKIBOARDING GATEPAZZIONDYSON DEMO STORE SERVICE CENTREBOTTLES & BOTTLESPEDROEU YAN SANGCHARLES & KEITHPOKEMON CENTER SINGAPOREEUREKA  FINESTCOTTON ON KIDSRABEANCOFOOT  SPADEFILASPECTACLE HUT BOUTIQUEKLOSHFILA KIDSTHE 1872 CLIPPER TEA CO.LENSKART.COMFRED  & SPENCERGIFT BY CHANGI AIRPORTTIMES JUNIORMASSIMO DUTTIG-STAR RAWTOKYU   SHOCKSKECHERSMT.SAPOLADJISUN PARADISEPOLO RALPH LAURENTHE SHIRT BARTURTLEUNIQLO* https://www.iras.gov.sg/taxes/goods-services-tax-(gst)/consumers/tourist-refund-scheme * * https://www.iras.gov.sg/taxes/goods-services-tax-(gst)/consumers/tourist-refund-scheme 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR 202441 - 2025331 ^80 (^Changi App ) 5 5* ^Changi App * 55 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR Connected to T1, T2 and T3 Hotel facilities 2,500 car park spaces Accessible from Changi Airport MRT station Canopy Parkcontact.us@jewelchangiairport.com.* 20 10 Canopy Park contact.us@jewelchangiairport.com. * 20 10 1 30 10 S$45 contact.us@jewelchangiairport.com. contact.us@jewelchangiairport.com. 2 30 15 S$100 Little Skoolz ""marketing@littleskoolz.com WhatsApp +65 8845 4045 50 Little Skoolz "" marketing@littleskoolz.com WhatsApp +65 8845 4045 50 2 30 S$30 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR :24 Shiseido 30 - - 9006 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR (Jewel Rain Vortex) 40 89 8910 []1 3 9 11:0010:0010:0011:00 40 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR ces.sales@changiairport.com :118 7,:108 7 4 1020 .....90 - SGD 25 | / - SGD 17 * - SGD 19.80 | / - SGD 14.80 22 - SGD 59.80 CapitaStar Changi Rewards - SGD 18 | / - SGD 12 : 5 - 125 * : 60 * * : 1.+ 2.#) 3. Mastercard 4. 5. 6. # 1187 - SGD 56 | ** - SGD 40 : 3 - 12 | : 60 +6 #110 : 1.+ 2.#) 3. Mastercard 4. 5. 6. # 1187 - SGD 71 | ** - SGD 50 : 3 - 12 | : 60 +6 #110 Buckle up and enjoy double the fun with two exciting adrenaline-filled aviation adventures rolled into one amazing bundle deal! Featuring two exciting attractions: a 15-minute flight simulator flying experience brought into Changi Experience Studio from a real flight school - Aeroviation, plus entry to the fun airport-themed digital attraction, Take Flight at Changi Airport Aviation Experience allows you to experience the thrill of piloting an aircraft over Singapores skyline in a flight simulator and learn all about Changi Airport through fun and games! Take Flight at Changi Airport Aviation Experience Bundle Promo Rate Adult - SGD 51.80 (U.P. SGD64) | Child/Senior/ Student^ - SGD 49.80 (U.P. SGD56) Important Notes: BUY TICKETS BUY TICKETS BUY TICKETS Make birthday celebrations a magical one at Changi Experience Studio! In a decorated party venue, celebrate your little loved ones special day with family and friends, with a special birthday gift and exclusive goodie bags for your guests. As part of the party, enjoy a fun-filled time and create unforgettable memories playing all games about the airport within the attraction! Birthday party packages start from $688++. Package includes: Emailces.sales@changiairport.comto book or find out more. BUY TICKETS BUY TICKETS BUY TICKETS 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR YOTELAIR -YOTELAIR 7 2 4 KOMYUNITI YOTELAIR -YOTELAIR 7 2 4 KOMYUNITI KOMYUNITI WiFi 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR 2,500 Changi Airport GroupCapitaLand Changi Airport GroupCapitaLand SRA Retail Awards 2023 - Best Efforts in Advertising & Promotions (Shopping Mall) Marketing Excellence Award - Excellence in Customer Engagement (Bronze) Tripadvisor - Travellers' Choice Award 2022 Marketing Excellence Award - Excellence in Retail/ Shopper Marketing (Silver) - Excellence in Relationship Marketing (Bronze) - Marketing Team of the Year (Gold) SRA Retail Awards 2022 - Best Efforts in Centre Management (Shopping Centre) Luxury Lifestyle Awards 2021:The Best Luxury Shopping Mall in Singapore President*s Design Award 2021 -Designof the Year Singapore Tourism Award -Outstanding Shopping Mall Experience Award Tripadvisor - Travellers' Choice Award 2021 BCA Awards 2021 Construction Excellence Award INTERNATIONAL ARCHITECTURE AWARD 2021 Global RLI Awards 2020:Most Innovative Retail & Entertainment Project Singapore Good Design Award: - Experience Design - Architecture Singapore Tourism Award: - Breakthrough Contribution to Tourism Award - The Best Attraction Experience Award - The Best Shopping Mall Experience Award SIA Architecture Awards 2020: Building of the Year and Design Award Prix Versailles 2020: Special Prize Interior (Shopping Malls) TEA Thea Award for Outstanding Achievement - Airport Destination Experience 2020 Nikkei Superior Products and Services Awards MAPICAwards 2019: Special Jury Award MIPIM Asia Awards 2016: Best Futura Project 2016 International Architecture Award MAPIC Awards 2016: Best Futura Shopping Centre 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more The makingof an Icon AN ICON WATCH THE FILM It first began with the need to expand the capacity of Changi Airports Terminal 1 as well as its open-air carpark. This led to a strategic vision with the conception of Jewel as a gem of a destination, to augment Changi Airports position as a leading air hub globally and boost its appeal as a stopover destination for travellers.The stunning result is a mixed-use development with gardens, attractions, retail, dining, a hotel and facilities to support airport operations. This integration of nature with engineering marvels housed under a striking glass and steel dome is poised to make headlines. It first began with the need to expand the capacity of Changi Airports Terminal 1 as well as its open-air carpark. This led to a strategic vision with the conception of Jewel as a gem of a destination, to augment Changi Airports position as a leading air hub globally and boost its appeal as a stopover destination for travellers. The stunning result is a mixed-use development with gardens, attractions, retail, dining, a hotel and facilities to support airport operations. This integration of nature with engineering marvels housed under a striking glass and steel dome is poised to make headlines. Connected to T1, T2 and T3 Hotel facilities 2,500 car park spaces Accessible from Changi Airport MRT station A partnership between Changi Airport Group and CapitaLand was forged, resulting in a meaningful collaboration between two truly Singaporean companies and the creation of the countrys next iconic landmark. A partnership between Changi Airport Group and CapitaLand was forged, resulting in a meaningful collaboration between two truly Singaporean companies and the creation of the countrys next iconic landmark. SRA Retail Awards 2023 - Best Efforts in Advertising & Promotions (Shopping Mall) Marketing Excellence Award - Excellence in Customer Engagement (Bronze) Tripadvisor - Travellers' Choice Award 2022 Marketing Excellence Award - Excellence in Retail/ Shopper Marketing (Silver) - Excellence in Relationship Marketing (Bronze) - Marketing Team of the Year (Gold) SRA Retail Awards 2022 - Best Efforts in Centre Management (Shopping Centre) Luxury Lifestyle Awards 2021:The Best Luxury Shopping Mall in Singapore President*s Design Award 2021 -Designof the Year Singapore Tourism Award -Outstanding Shopping Mall Experience Award Tripadvisor - Travellers' Choice Award 2021 BCA Awards 2021 Construction Excellence Award INTERNATIONAL ARCHITECTURE AWARD 2021 Global RLI Awards 2020:Most Innovative Retail & Entertainment Project Singapore Good Design Award: - Experience Design - Architecture Singapore Tourism Award: - Breakthrough Contribution to Tourism Award - The Best Attraction Experience Award - The Best Shopping Mall Experience Award SIA Architecture Awards 2020: Building of the Year and Design Award Prix Versailles 2020: Special Prize Interior (Shopping Malls) TEA Thea Award for Outstanding Achievement - Airport Destination Experience 2020 Nikkei Superior Products and Services Awards MAPICAwards 2019: Special Jury Award MIPIM Asia Awards 2016: Best Futura Project 2016 International Architecture Award MAPIC Awards 2016: Best Futura Shopping Centre STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more We offer you the opportunity of working in an iconic development where you get to make a lasting difference. Explore an internship with us and gain valuable exposure into the world of retail-tainment and hospitality. Be part of our specially-curated management programme aimed at nurturing future leaders. Join us on an exciting journey and be part of our sparkling team. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more At Jewel Changi Airport, we offer our people the opportunity of working in a truly iconic development to make a lasting difference. Our fast-paced environment allows our employees to be involved in many firsts, such as creating first-in-the-world events and experiences, bringing in first-in-Singapore retail concepts and innovating to keep Jewel sparkling, as well as a purposeful career. We also offer an inclusive work environment that places emphasis on teamwork and collaboration. If this sounds exciting, we welcome you to join our team! At Jewel Changi Airport, we offer our people the opportunity of working in a truly iconic development to make a lasting difference. Our fast-paced environment allows our employees to be involved in many firsts, such as creating first-in-the-world events and experiences, bringing in first-in-Singapore retail concepts and innovating to keep Jewel sparkling, as well as a purposeful career. We also offer an inclusive work environment that places emphasis on teamwork and collaboration. If this sounds exciting, we welcome you to join our team! STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Take in a collection of media accounts about Jewel since its debut in the public domain. Contact us to access information that is exclusive to our media partners. Take in a collection of media accounts about Jewel since its debut in the public domain. Contact us to access information that is exclusive to our media partners. Facebook Instagram YouTube LinkedIn For media-related enquires, please reach out to: Jewel Changi Airport Corporate Communications team Email:corpcomms@jewelchangiairport.com STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR Facebook Instagram YouTube LinkedIn For media-related enquires, please reach out to: Jewel Changi Airport Corporate Communications team Email:corpcomms@jewelchangiairport.com 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR JANUARY 12 January 2024 Live long () and prosper in the Lunar New Year with bountiful delights at Changi Airport and Jewel DECEMBER 7 December 2023 Jewel Changi Airport boosts local offerings with new retail cluster - Discovering the Best of Singapore Brands Annexe A -Discovering the Best of Singapore Brands NOVEMBER 16 November 2023 Jewel Changi Airport welcomes the holiday seasonwith first-in-Singapore Super Mario campaign and excitingyear-end festivities AUGUST 31 August 2023 Jewel Changi Airport blossoms with its inaugural floral festival Jewel Blooms: Splendours of Singapore JUNE 28 June 2023 Jewel Changi Airport and UOB join forces in a dynamic partnership to deliver greater value and drive spend amid strong growth in air travel MAY 25 May 2023 Marvel Avengers assemble at Jewel this June throughenthralling installations and displays JANUARY 12 January 2023 Jewel Changi Airport opens Disney100 in Singapore withspectacular displays to delight fans,families and travellers NOVEMBER 30 November 2022 Jewel Changi Airport hosts its first-ever mega indoor screening of the worlds biggest football tournament 10 November 2022 Changi Airport and Jewel ChangI Airport bring year-end holiday cheer with Avatar and marine-themed festivities Annexes - Avatar and marine-themed festivities at Changi Airport and Jewel OCTOBER 26 October 2022 Jewel Changi Airport and Mastercard InkUS$3 Million Partnership to Drive Local and Tourists Spendin Singapore and Jewel SEPTEMBER 27 September 2022 Shiseido Travel Retail and Jewel Changi Airport RenewSHISEIDO FOREST VALLEY Partnership JUNE 24 June 2022 Jewel enhances F&B mix with new offerings MAY 26 May 2022 LINE FRIENDS BT21 comes to Jewel Changi Airport APRIL 14 April 2022 More Shoppers Enjoy Benefits from Jewel Double Rewards Loyalty Programme MARCH 25 March 2022 Step into the Dino-verse for some family fun atJewel Changi Airports latest attraction JANUARY 14 January 2022 Welcome a Tiger-rific New Year with offerings aplenty at Changi Airport and Jewel 11 January 2022 DON DON DONKI to open its first aviation-themed store at Jewel Changi Airport NOVEMBER 25 November 2021 Enjoy festive fun at Changi Airport and Jewel Changi Airport this year-end holiday season Photo captions for Changi Festive Village 2021 AUGUST 20 August 2021 International and new-to-market brands enhance shopper experience at Jewel Changi Airport 6 August 2021 Win Attractive Prizes in the Jewel Facets Photo Contest 2021! 3 August 2021 Realise your dream fairy tale wedding at the iconic Jewel Changi Airport and romantic garden canopy Hub & Spoke MARCH 10 March 2021 Indulge in HERSHEYS amazing world of chocolates, fun and games at Changi Airport this March School Holidays JANUARY 18 January 2021 Usher in a sparkling Niu Yearwith delectable food and great CNY deals NOVEMBER 19 November 2020 Changi Airport unveils its year-end festive event - Changi Festive Village SEPTEMBER 4 SEPTEMBER 2020 Jewel Changi Airport recognised for innovation and retail excellence at the Global Retail & Leisure International Awards 2020 SEPTEMBER 1 SEPTEMBER 2020 Rediscover Singapore with family fun and exciting deals at Changi Airport and Jewel this September school holidays JULY 9 July 2020 Enjoy 3 months of unlimited fun at Jewel Changi Airports attractions NOVEMBER 15 November 2019 Jewel Changi Airport wins MAPIC Award 2019 OCTOBER 18 October 2019 Jewel Changi Airport Official Opening JULY 2 July 2019 Jewel Changi Airport's First Pokemon Parade MAY 30 May 2019 Opening of Canopy Park at Jewel Changi Airport APRIL 11 April 2019 Jewel Changi Airport opens to the public with a gamut of familiar and new-to-market retail and F&B experiences Appendix: Photography and Videography 10 April 2019 Jewel Changi Airport is ready to welcome the world (Photo Release) 9 April 2019 Worlds tallest indoor waterfall, HSBC Rain Vortex, ready to dazzle visitors at Jewel Changi Airport MARCH 20 March 2019 Immerse in the nature and beauty of Shiseido Forest Valley at Jewel Changi Airport 7 March 2019 Jewel Changi Airport welcomes the world from 17 April 2019 FEBRUARY 21 February 2019 Launch of Jewel Changi Airport Recruitment Fair in the North East District JANUARY 31 January 2019 Burger & Lobster to Launch in Singapore OCTOBER 11 October 2018 Jewel Changi Airport Retail Update JUNE 7 June 2017 Jewel Changi Airports Canopy Park Unveiled NOVEMBER 18 November 2016 Jewel Changi Airport Wins MAPIC Award 2016 JULY 25 July 2016 Jewel Changi Airport Accorded International Architecture Award DECEMBER 05 December 2014 Singapore Changi Airport breaks new ground with Jewel NOVEMBER 15 November 2019 Jewel Changi Airport wins MAPIC Award 2019 OCTOBER 18 October 2019 Jewel Changi Airport Official Opening JULY 2 July 2019 Jewel Changi Airport's First Pokemon Parade MAY 30 May 2019 Opening of Canopy Park at Jewel Changi Airport APRIL 11 April 2019 Jewel Changi Airport opens to the public with a gamut of familiar and new-to-market retail and F&B experiences Fact Sheet: About Jewel Changi Airport Fact Sheet: Changi Airport Terminal 1 Expansion & Airport Facilities at Jewel Changi Airport Fact Sheet:Design and Architecture at Jewel Changi Airport Fact Sheet: Gardens at Jewel Changi Airport Fact Sheet: Shopping and Dining at Jewel Changi Airport Appendix: Photography and Videography 10 April 2019 Jewel Changi Airport is ready to welcome the world (Photo Release) 9 April 2019 Worlds tallest indoor waterfall, HSBC Rain Vortex, ready to dazzle visitors at Jewel Changi Airport MARCH 20 March 2019 Immerse in the nature and beauty of Shiseido Forest Valley at Jewel Changi Airport 7 March 2019 Jewel Changi Airport welcomes the world from 17 April 2019 FEBRUARY 21 February 2019 Launch of Jewel Changi Airport Recruitment Fair in the North East District JANUARY 31 January 2019 Burger & Lobster to Launch in Singapore OCTOBER 11 October 2018 Jewel Changi Airport Retail Update APRIL 18 April 2018 A close-up look at Jewel Changi Airport's facade installation JUNE 7 June 2017 Jewel Changi Airports Canopy Park Unveiled NOVEMBER 18 November 2016 Jewel Changi Airport Wins MAPIC Award 2016 JULY 25 July 2016 Jewel Changi Airport Accorded International Architecture Award DECEMBER 05 December 2014 Singapore Changi Airport breaks new ground with Jewel 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Latest News from Jewel Changi Airport Latest News from Jewel Changi Airport NOVEMBER 15 November 2024 Indulge in an extraordinary festive experience at Jewel Changi Airport this holiday season OCTOBER 25 October 2024 Experience the magic at Jewel:Jewel Changi Airport and Disney Cruise Line unveil spectacular year-end holiday event in Singapore SEPTEMBER 3 September 2024 Jewel Changi Airport and Trip.com enter three-year partnership to boost tourism JULY 27 July 2024 Jewel Changi Airport crowns champion for Bouncing Net Challenge 2 July 2024 Jewel Bouncing Net Challenge opens for registration MAY 24 May 2024 Jewel Blooms 2024: A whimsical 4D experience through floral displays at Canopy Park in Jewel Changi Airport APRIL 17 April 2024 Jewel Changi Airport celebrates its 5th Anniversary amid robust recovery in visitorship numbers Annex A -Jewel Changi Airport 5th Anniversary Exclusive Promotions Annex B - List of auction items at charity dinner MARCH 14 March 2024 Jewel Changi Airport welcomes spring with a bloom of fashion, beauty and fragrance brands JANUARY 12 January 2024 Live long () and prosper in the Lunar New Year with bountiful delights at Changi Airport and Jewel DECEMBER 7 December 2023 Jewel Changi Airport boosts local offerings with new retail cluster - Discovering the Best of Singapore Brands Annexe A -Discovering the Best of Singapore Brands NOVEMBER 16 November 2023 Jewel Changi Airport welcomes the holiday seasonwith first-in-Singapore Super Mario campaign and excitingyear-end festivities AUGUST 31 August 2023 Jewel Changi Airport blossoms with its inaugural floral festival Jewel Blooms: Splendours of Singapore JUNE 28 June 2023 Jewel Changi Airport and UOB join forces in a dynamic partnership to deliver greater value and drive spend amid strong growth in air travel MAY 25 May 2023 Marvel Avengers assemble at Jewel this June throughenthralling installations and displays JANUARY 12 January 2023 Jewel Changi Airport opens Disney100 in Singapore withspectacular displays to delight fans,families and travellers NOVEMBER 30 November 2022 Jewel Changi Airport hosts its first-ever mega indoor screening of the worlds biggest football tournament 10 November 2022 Changi Airport and Jewel ChangI Airport bring year-end holiday cheer with Avatar and marine-themed festivities Annexes - Avatar and marine-themed festivities at Changi Airport and Jewel OCTOBER 26 October 2022 Jewel Changi Airport and Mastercard InkUS$3 Million Partnership to Drive Local and Tourists Spendin Singapore and Jewel SEPTEMBER 27 September 2022 Shiseido Travel Retail and Jewel Changi Airport RenewSHISEIDO FOREST VALLEY Partnership JUNE 24 June 2022 Jewel enhances F&B mix with new offerings MAY 26 May 2022 LINE FRIENDS BT21 comes to Jewel Changi Airport APRIL 14 April 2022 More Shoppers Enjoy Benefits from Jewel Double Rewards Loyalty Programme MARCH 25 March 2022 Step into the Dino-verse for some family fun atJewel Changi Airports latest attraction JANUARY 14 January 2022 Welcome a Tiger-rific New Year with offerings aplenty at Changi Airport and Jewel 11 January 2022 DON DON DONKI to open its first aviation-themed store at Jewel Changi Airport NOVEMBER 25 November 2021 Enjoy festive fun at Changi Airport and Jewel Changi Airport this year-end holiday season Photo captions for Changi Festive Village 2021 AUGUST 20 August 2021 International and new-to-market brands enhance shopper experience at Jewel Changi Airport 6 August 2021 Win Attractive Prizes in the Jewel Facets Photo Contest 2021! 3 August 2021 Realise your dream fairy tale wedding at the iconic Jewel Changi Airport and romantic garden canopy Hub & Spoke MARCH 10 March 2021 Indulge in HERSHEYS amazing world of chocolates, fun and games at Changi Airport this March School Holidays JANUARY 18 January 2021 Usher in a sparkling Niu Yearwith delectable food and great CNY deals NOVEMBER 19 November 2020 Changi Airport unveils its year-end festive event - Changi Festive Village SEPTEMBER 4 SEPTEMBER 2020 Jewel Changi Airport recognised for innovation and retail excellence at the Global Retail & Leisure International Awards 2020 SEPTEMBER 1 SEPTEMBER 2020 Rediscover Singapore with family fun and exciting deals at Changi Airport and Jewel this September school holidays JULY 9 July 2020 Enjoy 3 months of unlimited fun at Jewel Changi Airports attractions NOVEMBER 15 November 2019 Jewel Changi Airport wins MAPIC Award 2019 OCTOBER 18 October 2019 Jewel Changi Airport Official Opening JULY 2 July 2019 Jewel Changi Airport's First Pokemon Parade MAY 30 May 2019 Opening of Canopy Park at Jewel Changi Airport APRIL 11 April 2019 Jewel Changi Airport opens to the public with a gamut of familiar and new-to-market retail and F&B experiences Appendix: Photography and Videography 10 April 2019 Jewel Changi Airport is ready to welcome the world (Photo Release) 9 April 2019 Worlds tallest indoor waterfall, HSBC Rain Vortex, ready to dazzle visitors at Jewel Changi Airport MARCH 20 March 2019 Immerse in the nature and beauty of Shiseido Forest Valley at Jewel Changi Airport 7 March 2019 Jewel Changi Airport welcomes the world from 17 April 2019 FEBRUARY 21 February 2019 Launch of Jewel Changi Airport Recruitment Fair in the North East District JANUARY 31 January 2019 Burger & Lobster to Launch in Singapore OCTOBER 11 October 2018 Jewel Changi Airport Retail Update JUNE 7 June 2017 Jewel Changi Airports Canopy Park Unveiled NOVEMBER 18 November 2016 Jewel Changi Airport Wins MAPIC Award 2016 JULY 25 July 2016 Jewel Changi Airport Accorded International Architecture Award DECEMBER 05 December 2014 Singapore Changi Airport breaks new ground with Jewel STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Tweet your queries for a swift response! We are glad to hear from you. Please let us know how we can help: Jewel Guest Centre Hotline +65 6956 9898 (10am - 10pm) Changi Airport For all Terminal-side and flight-: Tel: +656595 6868 (24 hours daily) Email:enquiry@changiairport.com Changi Rewards Enquiries For membership and points enquiries, please clickhere. By proceeding, I agree toJewels Privacy Policyand I consent to Jewels collection, use, storage and disclosure of my personal data. I also consent to and understand that Jewel may disclose my personal data to Jewels partners and/or such other relevant third parties in order for them to follow-up, respond to and/or learn from the feedback provided. For Corporate Bulk Purchases of Canopy Park attractions tickets:sales@jewelchangiairport.com ForCorporate Bulk Purchases ofJewel Gift Vouchers:marcom@jewelchangiairport.com For Leasingenquiries:leasing@jewelchangiairport.com For Marketing & Advertising enquiries:marcom@jewelchangiairport.com STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR +65 6956 9898 (10 10) Tel: +656595 6868 (24) :enquiry@changiairport.com Changi Rewards By proceeding, I agree toJewels Privacy Policyand I consent to Jewels collection, use, storage and disclosure of my personal data. I also consent to and understand that Jewel may disclose my personal data to Jewels partners and/or such other relevant third parties in order for them to follow-up, respond to and/or learn from the feedback provided. For Corporate Bulk Purchases of Canopy Park attractions tickets:sales@jewelchangiairport.com ForCorporate Bulk Purchases ofJewel Gift Vouchers:marcom@jewelchangiairport.com For Leasingenquiries:leasing@jewelchangiairport.com For Marketing & Advertising enquiries:marcom@jewelchangiairport.com 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Any person who has reason to believe that a Jewel employee, or anyone acting on behalf of Jewel, has engaged in illegal or otherwise improper conduct, should promptly report the matter to the Company via online submissionhere. All reports made will be treated with confidence. Jewel will not tolerate any kind of retaliation against anyone who, in good faith, reports an actual or suspected violation of this Code or any other Jewel policy. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more If your question is not covered under our FAQs, connect with me for a swift response! Here you'll find the most frequently asked questions and details about Jewel Changi Airport. Here you'll find the most frequently asked questions and details about Jewel Changi Airport. 1.What are the parking charges in Jewel? Please refer tohttps://www.jewelchangiairport.com/en/getting-to-jewel.html. 2.Is Jewel located in the transit area? Jewel is located on the landside and accessible to everyone, including local residents and travellers. 3.Can transit passengers visit Jewel? We recommend transit passengers to cater for at least 5 hours of transit time to comfortably visit and experience Jewel. All passengers are reminded to check in for their departing flights at least 2 hours before their flight departure time. For the latest information on transiting in Singapore, please referhere. 4.Where is the drop-off/pick-up point in Jewel? The drop-off/pickup point is located at the L2 Main Entrance. 5.Does the Changi Airport sky train stop in Jewel? While the skytrain connecting Terminals 2 and 3 will pass through Jewel, there will not be any skytrain station within the complex. 6.How do I go to T1 / T2 / T3 / T4 from Jewel? - From Terminal 1: Jewel is connected to the Arrival Hall (level 1) of Terminal 1. - From Terminal 2: Jewel is a 5 to 10-minute walk via a link bridge from the Departure Hall (level 2) of Terminal 2 (near row 1) - From Terminal 3: Jewel is a 5 to 10-minute walk via a link bridge from the Departure Hall (level 2) of Terminal 3 (next to the entrance of Crowne Plaza hotel).Free shuttle bus service is available between Terminal 3 Departure Door 8 and Jewel. - From Terminal 4: Take the free shuttle bus from Terminal 4 Arrival Lounge to Jewel/ Terminal 1 (opposite Jewel Level 2 Drop-off point). Direct shuttle bus service (T4 - Jewel) is available from 6am to 12am daily, while loop bus service (T4 - T3 - T1 - T4) is available from 1am to 6am daily. 9.Are there Michelin-starred restaurants in Jewel? There are F&B tenants in Jewel that have received the Michelin star, such as Tsuta (Singapore), Putien (Singapore) and Kams Roast (Hong Kong). 10.What are the shops that are operational 24 hours? There are shops with extended hours in Jewel. Search ourShop&Dinelisting to find out more. 11.Is there a prayer room in Jewel? There are no prayer rooms in Jewel. The nearest prayer rooms located in Changi Airport are located in the transit areas. 12.Are there any vegetarian food options in Jewel? We do have restaurants that serve vegetarian options. Please check with the restaurant directly. 13. Are helium balloons allowed in Jewel? Guests are not allowed to bring in helium balloons as the removal of such items will be a challenge in Jewel's unique architecture. 14. Are bicycles allowed in Jewel? Only foldable bicycles are allowed in Jewel and they must remain folded within the premises of Jewel and shall not be left unattendedat all times. Cyclists with non-foldable bicycles can park them at the Hub & Spoke Cafe or at the racks along the Changi Airport Connector between the Hub & Spoke Cafe and Terminal 2. Carpark 4A at Terminal 4 has a pit stop facility where cyclists can park their bicycles or perform maintenance works too. 15.What should I do if I have misplaced my belongings in Jewel? Do approach our Experience Concierges for assistance. Counters are located at L1, L2 and L5. 16.Where are the nursing rooms located in Jewel? Baby Care (nursing) rooms are conveniently located on every level from B2 to L4. Amenities include: diaper changing stations, hot & cold water dispensers and cubicles for nursing 17.Is GST applicable in Jewel? Will there be GST waiver for Changi Rewards Card? As Jewel Changi Airport is located on the landside of Singapore Changi Airport, GST waiver is not applicable in Jewel. Jewel currently does not offer any GST refund service, please proceed to Terminal 1 or Terminal 3 for assistance. 18.Are strollers and wheelchairs available in Jewel? Wheelchairs and strollers are available for loan* for added mobility when you explore Jewel. Available at the Concierge counters on L1 and L2. *A nominal refundable deposit is required. 19.Can I take my wedding photos at Jewel? Wedding photography can be conducted in Jewel and prior approval is required.Please clickhereto access and fill in the request form for submission tocontact.us@jewelchangiairport.com. We kindly request for all guests to read through our Terms and Conditions included in the document, before submitting their request. For requests within the premises of Changi Airport (incuding link bridges connecting T2/T3 to Jewel), you may reach out to the relevant department directly atfilmphoto@changiairport.com. 20.Can I fly a drone in Jewel? The operation of drones or unmanned aircraft within 5km of Changi Airport will require a permit from CAAS.Please refer to theCAAS websitefor more information about permit application. For flying of drones in Jewel, a filming permit from Jewel is requiredand is only permissible when approvals frombothCAAS and Jewel are granted. Please refer to question 21 below for more information on the application of the Jewel filming permit. 21.Am I able to do filming and photography for commercial purposes in Jewel? Application is required for all wedding, commercial and media filming/photography in Jewel. For wedding or commercial filming and photography enquiries, please emailcontact.us@jewelchangiairport.com For media filming and photography enquiries, please emailcorpcomms@jewelchangiairport.com. 22.What are the show times for Jewel Rain Vortex Light & Sound Showcase? The Jewel Light & Sound Showcase operates at the following timings: Mon - Thu:8.00pm, 9.00pmFri - Sun, Eve of PH & PH:8.00pm, 9.00pm and 10.00pm 23.Does the Jewel Rain Vortex operate 24/7? The Jewel Rain Vortex operates daily with the following operating hours:Mon - Thu:11:00AM - 10:00PMFri - Sun, including PH:10:00AM - 10:00PM 24. Where can I purchase tickets to the attractions? Tickets can be purchased online via the Jewel website or from the digital kiosks located around Jewel. Bundle Deals 1, 2, 3 and 4 can only be purchased online. Clickhereto find out more. 25.Are the tickets refundable? We regret that tickets sold are non-refundable. 26.Can I buy tickets on the day of my visit? Yes, but tickets are subject to availability. Do check the operating hours before you visit. 27.Is there bulk purchase discount? Yes, for more information on bulk purchase discount, kindly email tosales@jewelchangiairport.com. 28. Is there an annual pass? Please clickherefor more information. 29.Are the tickets transferrable? The tickets are transferrable. 30.Can I sell the tickets online if I am not able to visit? Sale of tickets to a third party other than the official channels are not allowed. 31. What are the attractions located at the Canopy Park (L5)? Canopy Park houses a variety of play attractions and creative gardens: 1) Discovery Slides 2) Foggy Bowls 3) Petal Garden 4) Topiary Walk 5) Mastercard Canopy Bridge* 6) Hedge Maze* 7) Mirror Maze* 8) Bouncing Net* 9) Walking Net* *Additional admission charges apply Please check individual attraction's pages for more information. 32. Is there any attire requirements to visit the attractions? Guests are encouraged to avoid wearing skirts or dresses onto the Bouncing Net, Walking Net and MastercardCanopy Bridge. Pants are recommended to ensure the modesty of our guests. Covered shoes must be worn when visiting the Bouncing Net and Walking Net. 33. Are there any height and/or age restrictions to visit the attractions? There is no minimum age or height limit to visit the Canopy Park. However, for the safety of all guests, height and safety restrictions are stipulated for the following attractions: Discovery Slides, Bouncing Net and Walking Net. Please check individual attraction's pages for more information. 34.If I missed the time slot indicated on my ticket for a time-based attraction, will I be allowed to enter at another timing? Some of the attractions have capacity limitation for each time-slot. The park rangers have the rights to deny access if you missed the time slot indicated on your ticket. This is to ensure that all guests can enjoy the attractions safely. 35. Are food and drinks allowed in the Canopy Park? Food and drinks are not allowed in the Canopy Park. 36. Do I need to purchase a ticket for my child who is under the age of 3? Children below the age of 3 can enter the Canopy Park without a ticket. 37. Is re-entry allowed to the Canopy Park? Yes, ticket holders to the Canopy Park can re-enter the park within the same day. 38. Where can I store my bags and valuables? There are lockers available in the Canopy Park for handbags, valuables and other small items. For larger items such as luggage, please make use of the baggage storage facility* located on Level 1.*Charges apply. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more GeneralAccess to this website is granted by Jewel Changi Airport Trustee Pte Ltd as Trustee-Manager of Jewel Changi Airport Trust (JCAT). By accessing and using this JCAT website, you signify that you have read and you agree to all of these conditions and notices without modification. If you do not agree with any of these conditions, please discontinue access immediately.OwnershipThis website is owned and operated by JCAT. Access to and use of this JCAT website and the information and services available are subject to the following conditions.This JCAT website contains links to websites operated by third parties. Your use of each of these third party websites is also subject to Conditions of Access, if any, contained therein.Restrictions on Access and UseYou may download one copy of the material on this JCAT website but only on a single computer and only for your own personal and non-commercial use provided that:A.All copies must bear the relevant copyright, trademark and/or other proprietary notice located on this JCAT website; andB.You shall not modify, reformat, copy, reproduce, display, distribute, publish, transmit, post, upload, licence, create derivative works from, hyperlink, store in any information retrieval system, transfer in any manner or sell any of the material, without JCATs written permission. This means, among other things, that you must not insert a hyperlink to this JCAT website on any other website or "mirror" on your own website, the home page or other pages of or materials in this or any JCAT website or their respective links.You shall not use this JCAT website or its links for any purpose that is illegal, unlawful or prohibited by these Conditions of Access.JCAT reserves the right to deny to anyone at anytime access to this or any other JCAT website without notice or need to assign any reason whatsoever.Disclaimer of Representations and WarrantiesThe content (including third party information, products and/or services) of or accessible through this JCAT website and all other Changi Airport Group websites are provided:A. "as is", "as available" and are subject to change at any time without notice to you; andB. without representations or warranties of any kind whether express or implied.To the fullest extent permissible, JCAT disclaims all representations and warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to non-infringement of proprietary rights, title, merchantability, satisfactory quality and fitness for a particular purpose.In particular, no representation or warranty is given that the functions contained in this JCAT websitewill be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected or that this JCAT website or the server that makes it available is free of virus or other harmful elements. No warranty or representation is given regarding the correctness, accuracy, reliability, completeness, timeliness, performance or fitness for any particular purpose or otherwise of the content of this JCAT website and JCAT expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions, whether of a typographical nature of otherwise.Exclusion of LiabilityIn no event shall JCAT be liable for any damages whatsoever, including but not limited to any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive or incidental damages, or damages for loss of use, profits, data or other intangibles, or the cost of procurement of substitute goods or services arising out of or related to the use, inability to use, unauthorized use, performance or non-performance of or reliance upon this website, even if JCAT has been advised previously of the possibility of such damages and whether or not such damages arise in contract, tort, under statute, in equity or at law.Links to Third Party Web SitesThe websites to which this or any other JCAT website is linked to may be developed and/or operated by parties other than JCAT.JCAT does not control such websites and is not responsible for their contents. JCATs inclusion of links to these websites does not in itself constitute or imply any endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of the material on such websites or any association with their owner and/or operators (unless expressly stated otherwise).Any third party who wishes to establish links to this or any other JCAT website should notify JCAT of its intention in writing prior to doing so. JCAT reserves the right to deny permission for any such link without need to assign any reason. If permission is given, JCAT is not under any obligation to establish reciprocal links.FeedbackAll feedback given to JCAT including questions, comments, suggestions or the like regarding or in response to the content of this or any other JCAT website shall be deemed to be non-confidential. JCAT shall be free to use, for any purpose, any ideas, concepts, techniques or know-how contained in such feedback. JCAT shall not be subject to any obligation with respect to such feedback and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute to others without limitation.No Licence GrantedNothing on or your use of this or any other JCAT website shall be construed as conferring any licence or other rights under the intellectual property or proprietary rights of JCAT, Changi Airport Group, its affiliates or subsidiaries, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise.Alteration of Terms of UseJCAT reserves the right to revise these Conditions of Access at any time without notice and you hereby agree to be bound by such change.Entire AgreementThese Conditions of Access constitute the entire agreement between you and JCAT and you agree that any and all prior and contemporaneous agreement relating to your access and use of this or any other JCAT website are superseded.Severance of TermsIf any provision of these Conditions of Access is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, then such invalidity or unenforceability shall not have any effect on any other provision of these Conditions of Access, all of which shall remain valid and enforceable.Governing Law and JurisdictionThese Conditions of Access are governed by and shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Singapore, and subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of Singapore. General Access to this website is granted by Jewel Changi Airport Trustee Pte Ltd as Trustee-Manager of Jewel Changi Airport Trust (JCAT). By accessing and using this JCAT website, you signify that you have read and you agree to all of these conditions and notices without modification. If you do not agree with any of these conditions, please discontinue access immediately. Ownership This website is owned and operated by JCAT. Access to and use of this JCAT website and the information and services available are subject to the following conditions. This JCAT website contains links to websites operated by third parties. Your use of each of these third party websites is also subject to Conditions of Access, if any, contained therein. Restrictions on Access and Use You may download one copy of the material on this JCAT website but only on a single computer and only for your own personal and non-commercial use provided that: A.All copies must bear the relevant copyright, trademark and/or other proprietary notice located on this JCAT website; and B.You shall not modify, reformat, copy, reproduce, display, distribute, publish, transmit, post, upload, licence, create derivative works from, hyperlink, store in any information retrieval system, transfer in any manner or sell any of the material, without JCATs written permission. This means, among other things, that you must not insert a hyperlink to this JCAT website on any other website or "mirror" on your own website, the home page or other pages of or materials in this or any JCAT website or their respective links. You shall not use this JCAT website or its links for any purpose that is illegal, unlawful or prohibited by these Conditions of Access. JCAT reserves the right to deny to anyone at anytime access to this or any other JCAT website without notice or need to assign any reason whatsoever. Disclaimer of Representations and Warranties The content (including third party information, products and/or services) of or accessible through this JCAT website and all other Changi Airport Group websites are provided: A. "as is", "as available" and are subject to change at any time without notice to you; and B. without representations or warranties of any kind whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible, JCAT disclaims all representations and warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to non-infringement of proprietary rights, title, merchantability, satisfactory quality and fitness for a particular purpose. In particular, no representation or warranty is given that the functions contained in this JCAT websitewill be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected or that this JCAT website or the server that makes it available is free of virus or other harmful elements. No warranty or representation is given regarding the correctness, accuracy, reliability, completeness, timeliness, performance or fitness for any particular purpose or otherwise of the content of this JCAT website and JCAT expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions, whether of a typographical nature of otherwise. Exclusion of Liability In no event shall JCAT be liable for any damages whatsoever, including but not limited to any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive or incidental damages, or damages for loss of use, profits, data or other intangibles, or the cost of procurement of substitute goods or services arising out of or related to the use, inability to use, unauthorized use, performance or non-performance of or reliance upon this website, even if JCAT has been advised previously of the possibility of such damages and whether or not such damages arise in contract, tort, under statute, in equity or at law. Links to Third Party Web Sites The websites to which this or any other JCAT website is linked to may be developed and/or operated by parties other than JCAT. JCAT does not control such websites and is not responsible for their contents. JCATs inclusion of links to these websites does not in itself constitute or imply any endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of the material on such websites or any association with their owner and/or operators (unless expressly stated otherwise). Any third party who wishes to establish links to this or any other JCAT website should notify JCAT of its intention in writing prior to doing so. JCAT reserves the right to deny permission for any such link without need to assign any reason. If permission is given, JCAT is not under any obligation to establish reciprocal links. Feedback All feedback given to JCAT including questions, comments, suggestions or the like regarding or in response to the content of this or any other JCAT website shall be deemed to be non-confidential. JCAT shall be free to use, for any purpose, any ideas, concepts, techniques or know-how contained in such feedback. JCAT shall not be subject to any obligation with respect to such feedback and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute to others without limitation. No Licence Granted Nothing on or your use of this or any other JCAT website shall be construed as conferring any licence or other rights under the intellectual property or proprietary rights of JCAT, Changi Airport Group, its affiliates or subsidiaries, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise. Alteration of Terms of Use JCAT reserves the right to revise these Conditions of Access at any time without notice and you hereby agree to be bound by such change. Entire Agreement These Conditions of Access constitute the entire agreement between you and JCAT and you agree that any and all prior and contemporaneous agreement relating to your access and use of this or any other JCAT website are superseded. Severance of Terms If any provision of these Conditions of Access is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, then such invalidity or unenforceability shall not have any effect on any other provision of these Conditions of Access, all of which shall remain valid and enforceable. Governing Law and Jurisdiction These Conditions of Access are governed by and shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Singapore, and subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of Singapore. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more General informationWe are Jewel Changi Airport Trustee Pte. Ltd. and Jewel Changi Airport Devt Pte. Ltd., the companies that manage and operate the development known as Jewel Changi Airport (hereinafter and collectively, Jewel or we, us or our).The protection of your personal data is important to us and this privacy policy (Policy) describes how Jewel collects, uses or otherwise Processes your Personal Data. This Policy also sets out how we protect your Personal Data. By using our services, you warrant that you have read, understood and agreed to this Policy.1. DefinitionsFor the purposes of this Policy:Jewel Related Entities refers to shareholders of Jewel and each of its holding or related corporations.Personal Data means data, whether true or not, about an individual who can be identified from that data or from that data and other information to which the organisation has or is likely to have access.Process, Processes, Processed and Processing means the carrying out of any operation or set of operations in relation to Personal Data and includes recording, holding, organization, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, combination, transmission, erasure or destruction.2. Scope of this PolicyThis Policy applies to all Personal Data Processed by Jewel (regardless of how such Personal Data is collected). Jewel may collect such Personal Data through various social media sites, websites, applications, domains or other platforms which may be provided by the Jewel Related Entities (collectively, the Platforms):3. Personal Data collected by JewelJewel will collect your Personal Data from you and/or from other members of the Jewel Related Entities when it considers it reasonably necessary for the relevant purposes underlying such Processing, as detailed in this Privacy Policy. If you do not provide or are unable to provide such Personal Data, Jewel may not be able to provide the products and/or services requested by you.Examples of your Personal Data which may be collected include the following:Identity and Contact Data, such as your name, address, telephone number, date of birth, email address, country of nationality or residence, national identification number, passport number, employment history, educational background, professional qualifications, job title and function, biometric data;Financial and Payment Data, such as your bank account, credit/debit card numbers, and other related billing or payment information;Business Information, such as information provided in the course of our contractual relationship with you or your organisation and Jewel, or otherwise voluntarily provided by you or your organization, including Identity and Contact Data;Claims Information, including any Personal Data such as photographs, statements or voice recordings provided in the course of any investigations that Jewel may need to undertake;Profile, Usage and Technical Data, such as passwords to the Platforms, your preference in receiving marketing communications from the Jewel Related Entities (or any one of its members), your communication preferences, information about how you use the Platforms, IP address, login data, browser type and version and device type and any other Personal Data concerning your preferences which may be relevant to the products and/or services that the Jewel Related Entities (or any one of its members) provides. To learn more about our use of cookies or similar technology, please see ourCookies Policy;Physical Access Datasuch as information provided when you visit Jewel Changi Airport or captured on our closed-circuit television (CCTV) devices; andImmigration-related informationsuch as the Personal Data contained on your passport, boarding pass, your flight details and your photo image.4. How we collect your Personal DataJewel collects Personal Data about you in a number of ways, including the following:Direct interactions.You may give us your Personal Data by filling in forms or through your use of our customer interface touchpoints (such as our manned customer service counters) or when you correspond with us by post, phone, email, chatbot or otherwise.We may also directly collect Personal Data in other ways, including when: You apply for any product or service offered by us or any member of the Jewel Related Entities; You register and participate in any of the memberships offered by us or any member of the Jewel Related Entities; You create an account on the Platforms; You subscribe to any of the communications or publications offered by us or any member of the Jewel Related Entities; You request marketing to be sent to you by us or any member of the Jewel Related Entities; You enter a competition, promotion or survey offered by us or any member of theJewel Related Entities; You give us feedback; You connect to WiFi at Jewel Changi Airport; You use mobile or web applications developed by us or for any member of the Jewel Related Entities; or Your image (including video recordings) is recorded by our installed cameras or videos or official  at our events and programmes at Jewel Changi Airport.Automated technologies or interactions.As you interact with the Platforms, we may automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. The foregoing technologies are required to allow certain functions on the Platforms (where applicable) to function. Please refer to ourCookies Policyfor further details. If you prefer not to allow certain cookies, you can manage them in accordance with our Cookies Policy.Third parties or publicly available sources.We may receive Personal Data about you from various third parties, including any member of the Jewel Related Entities, our agents or from your organisation) and publicly available sources, including financial and transaction data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services.CCTV systems or other surveillance devices.Jewel or our authorised third parties have installed CCTV systems and other surveillance devices at Jewel Changi Airport which may record your image for the purposes of: (i) monitoring the security and safety of persons; (ii) assisting in investigations of crime and other incidents; and (iii) managing the services provided at Jewel Changi Airport.5. How we use your Personal DataMembers of the Jewel Related Entities strive to optimise their operations and the products and/or services offered to you through different channels (including the Platforms) such as providing relevant and personalised content designed to make your user experience smoother and more enjoyable. To effectively understand and meet your needs, the Jewel Related Entities (or any one of its members) may Process your Personal Data for purposes directly related to their functions and activities, including for any one or more of the following purposes: To provide you with services and to help us develop, improve, manage and administer the services the Jewel Related Entities (or any one of its members) provides to you, including services provided onand throughthe Platforms and WiFi services; To help us verify your identity for the purposes of processing and administering any membership application, registration or services; To send you notifications and marketing messages in relation to the promotional events, offers, opportunities, products, benefits and programmes offered by any member of the Jewel Related Entities; To conduct marketing activities including market research, customer profiling, customer insights and targeted marketing activities; To carry out profiling and statistical analysis to improve the services provided to you, including matching and aggregating the information you provide through different channels to understand how the Jewel Related Entities (or any one of its members) can serve you better; To inform you of changes to the Jewel Related Entities (or any one of its members) programmes, policies, terms and conditions, Platform updates and other administrative information; To administer and conduct programmes, promotions, events and games organised by any member of the Jewel Related Entities; To prevent, detect and investigate security incidents or breaches, crime, including fraud, and analysing and managing other risks; To customise the Platforms and their content to your particular preferences; To conduct surveys, questionnaires and requests for feedback; To respond to your queries, requests, feedback and complaints; For promotional and publicity purposes, including to record or take photographs of participants at events or functions organised, hosted or participated in by any member of the Jewel Related Entities; To meet the requirements of any applicable laws/regulations, enforceable governmental request or court order; To administer any contract that you or your organization has with Jewel; To detect, prevent or otherwise address security or technical issues in connection with services provided through the Platforms; and/or To fulfil such other purpose as may be specified in a data protection and privacy notice given to you at the time that your Personal Data is collected.6. Disclosure and Transfer of your Personal DataIn carrying out one or more of the purposes set out in section 5 of this Policy, we may disclose your Personal Data to one or more of the following third parties: Our agents; Our authorised service providers such as marketing partners and web analysis companies, and their business partners; Our auditors and professional advisors; Our business partners; Our underwriters and insurers; Law enforcement agencies; Any person to whom disclosure is permittedor required byany applicable laws/regulations, enforceable governmental request or court order; and/or Any member of the Jewel Related Entities.To facilitate our interaction with you, we may need to transfer your Personal Data outside of Singapore. We will only do so when measures are in place to provide the same level of protection provided under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012.7. ConsentUnless the applicable laws or regulations allow otherwise, we will obtain express written consent from you for the Processingof your Personal Data by methods or means such as making you sign a form or check a box.When you do so, you represent that you are over 16 years of age and can give valid consent. Where you provide information to us about any individual other than yourself (eg, an employee or child), you represent that you have valid authority and consent to do so and you must ensure that the other individual(s) consent to this Policy and understand how their information will be used. You can withdraw such consent at any time by contacting our data protection officer at the contact details set out in this Policy.Depending on the extent to which you withdraw consent, such withdrawal of consent may result in our inability to provide the relevant services to you and may be considered as a termination by you of any agreement between Jewel and you. Jewels legal rights and remedies are expressly reserved in such an event.Minors: If an individual under 16 years of age has provided us with Personal Data without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us at the contact details set out in this Policy to remove the relevant Personal Data. If we become aware that Personal Data has been collected from an individual under the age of 16 without parental or guardian consent, we will delete this Personal Data and any account that the individual may have with us.8. Links to third-party websitesWe may provide links to third-party websites on the Platforms. Your use of such third-party websites will be subject to their privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. We encourage you to read the privacy policies on the other websites you visit. Once you have left the Platforms, you should check the applicable privacy policy of such third parties at their respective websites to determine how they will Process any information they collect from you. As we cannot control or be responsible for the policies of other websites we may link to, or the use of any data you may share with them, you access these third-party websites at your own risk.9. Keeping your Personal Data secureWe have put in place reasonable technical and procedural measures to safeguard your Personal Data,for example, by: Ensuring that access to any personal account you have with us is controlled by a password and username which are unique to you; Storing your Personal Data on secured servers; and Restricting access to Personal Data on a need to know basis.Please note that the use of the Internet and/or the Platforms cannot be made entirely secure and we therefore are unable to guarantee the security or integrity of any Personal Data which is transferred from you or to you via the Platforms. You undertake to bear the risks of any transfer.10. Personal Data Access and CorrectionThe accuracy of our data collection begins with you you undertake that you willprovide accurate and complete Personal Data, and update such Personal Data with us from time to time.Before providing your Personal Data to us, you should carefully check that the information that you have provided us is complete and accurate.You may request access to and/or correction of your Personal Data held by us by contacting us at the contact details set out in this Policy. All requests for access and/or correction will be processed within a reasonable time except where we refuse such requests in accordance with any applicable laws or regulations. In some situations, you may be able to access and correct your Personal Data directly through the Platforms. For requests other than through self-service functions on the Platforms, we may need to verify your identity before proceeding with your request. For verification purposes, we may require you to provide supporting information or documentation.For all requests other than through self-service functions on the Platforms, we may charge you a reasonable fee for the handling and processing of your request.11. Further rights of data subjects in the European Union ("EU")Jewel are companies incorporated in Singapore. We do not have an establishment in the EU.However, if you are a data subject in the EU, and you believe that the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) (GDPR) applies to the Personal Data you have provided us,you may contact us if you wish to exercise the following further rights: Request for the erasure of your Personal Data; Request for the restriction of processing of your Personal Data; Object to the processing of your Personal Data; and/or Request to transfer your Personal Data to you or a third party.We may ask to verify your identity and claim before proceeding with your request.In the event that the GDPR applies, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant EU supervisory authority if we have contravened any applicable laws or regulations.All requests made to us in exercising the rights above will be processed within a reasonable time except where we refuse such requests in accordance with any applicable laws or regulations.12. Data retentionWe will cease to retain your Personal Data when the purposes for which we collected your Personal Data have ceased and/or when we are no longer required to continue retaining your Personal Data for any legal or business purposes.13. Unsolicited informationWhere you have provided us with unsolicited Personal Data, for example in unsolicited emails or public posts on message boards, you will be regarded as having given Jewel consent to use the unsolicited Personal Data as we see fit, on a non-confidential basis, and Jewel shall be free to use, disclose, distribute and exploit such unsolicited Personal Data without limitation or attribution. Jewel will strive to take reasonable steps to destroy or de-identify unsolicited Personal Data that Jewel has no purpose for, but it cannot guarantee that all unsolicited Personal Data will be disposed of given system and operational limitations. You bear responsibility for not providing Jewel with Personal Data beyond what we have requested from you, should you not consent to how we intend to treat unsolicited Personal Data provided by yourself.14. Changes to this PolicyWe may amend this Policy (including the Cookies Policy) from time to timeto reflect any changes to the way in which we process your Personal Data or changing legal requirements. Any changes we may make to our Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you on the Platforms or other communication channels. By using our services, you undertake to check the relevant websites or sections of the Platforms regularly for any updates.15. How to contact usWe welcome your feedback, comments and any questions that you may have.For general enquiries, please emailcontact.us@jewelchangiairport.com.For specific queries on any of the Platforms, you can contact us via the email/portals listed in section 2 above.For matters related to this Policy or personal data related matters, please write to us at the address below, referencing Privacy Policy:Data Protection OfficerJewel Changi Airport Development Pte Ltd78 Airport Boulevard#B3-200Jewel Changi Airport, Singapore 819666 SingaporeOr emaildata.protection@jewelchangiairport.comreferencing Privacy Policy.Updated as of19 Sep 2023 General information We are Jewel Changi Airport Trustee Pte. Ltd. and Jewel Changi Airport Devt Pte. Ltd., the companies that manage and operate the development known as Jewel Changi Airport (hereinafter and collectively, Jewel or we, us or our). The protection of your personal data is important to us and this privacy policy (Policy) describes how Jewel collects, uses or otherwise Processes your Personal Data. This Policy also sets out how we protect your Personal Data. By using our services, you warrant that you have read, understood and agreed to this Policy. 1. Definitions For the purposes of this Policy: Jewel Related Entities refers to shareholders of Jewel and each of its holding or related corporations. Personal Data means data, whether true or not, about an individual who can be identified from that data or from that data and other information to which the organisation has or is likely to have access. Process, Processes, Processed and Processing means the carrying out of any operation or set of operations in relation to Personal Data and includes recording, holding, organization, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, combination, transmission, erasure or destruction. 2. Scope of this Policy This Policy applies to all Personal Data Processed by Jewel (regardless of how such Personal Data is collected). Jewel may collect such Personal Data through various social media sites, websites, applications, domains or other platforms which may be provided by the Jewel Related Entities (collectively, the Platforms): 3. Personal Data collected by Jewel Jewel will collect your Personal Data from you and/or from other members of the Jewel Related Entities when it considers it reasonably necessary for the relevant purposes underlying such Processing, as detailed in this Privacy Policy. If you do not provide or are unable to provide such Personal Data, Jewel may not be able to provide the products and/or services requested by you. Examples of your Personal Data which may be collected include the following: Identity and Contact Data, such as your name, address, telephone number, date of birth, email address, country of nationality or residence, national identification number, passport number, employment history, educational background, professional qualifications, job title and function, biometric data; Financial and Payment Data, such as your bank account, credit/debit card numbers, and other related billing or payment information; Business Information, such as information provided in the course of our contractual relationship with you or your organisation and Jewel, or otherwise voluntarily provided by you or your organization, including Identity and Contact Data; Claims Information, including any Personal Data such as photographs, statements or voice recordings provided in the course of any investigations that Jewel may need to undertake; Profile, Usage and Technical Data, such as passwords to the Platforms, your preference in receiving marketing communications from the Jewel Related Entities (or any one of its members), your communication preferences, information about how you use the Platforms, IP address, login data, browser type and version and device type and any other Personal Data concerning your preferences which may be relevant to the products and/or services that the Jewel Related Entities (or any one of its members) provides. To learn more about our use of cookies or similar technology, please see ourCookies Policy; Physical Access Datasuch as information provided when you visit Jewel Changi Airport or captured on our closed-circuit television (CCTV) devices; and Immigration-related informationsuch as the Personal Data contained on your passport, boarding pass, your flight details and your photo image. 4. How we collect your Personal Data Jewel collects Personal Data about you in a number of ways, including the following: Direct interactions.You may give us your Personal Data by filling in forms or through your use of our customer interface touchpoints (such as our manned customer service counters) or when you correspond with us by post, phone, email, chatbot or otherwise. We may also directly collect Personal Data in other ways, including when: You apply for any product or service offered by us or any member of the Jewel Related Entities; You register and participate in any of the memberships offered by us or any member of the Jewel Related Entities; You create an account on the Platforms; You subscribe to any of the communications or publications offered by us or any member of the Jewel Related Entities; You request marketing to be sent to you by us or any member of the Jewel Related Entities; You enter a competition, promotion or survey offered by us or any member of theJewel Related Entities; You give us feedback; You connect to WiFi at Jewel Changi Airport; You use mobile or web applications developed by us or for any member of the Jewel Related Entities; or Your image (including video recordings) is recorded by our installed cameras or videos or official  at our events and programmes at Jewel Changi Airport. Automated technologies or interactions.As you interact with the Platforms, we may automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. The foregoing technologies are required to allow certain functions on the Platforms (where applicable) to function. Please refer to ourCookies Policyfor further details. If you prefer not to allow certain cookies, you can manage them in accordance with our Cookies Policy. Third parties or publicly available sources.We may receive Personal Data about you from various third parties, including any member of the Jewel Related Entities, our agents or from your organisation) and publicly available sources, including financial and transaction data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services. CCTV systems or other surveillance devices.Jewel or our authorised third parties have installed CCTV systems and other surveillance devices at Jewel Changi Airport which may record your image for the purposes of: (i) monitoring the security and safety of persons; (ii) assisting in investigations of crime and other incidents; and (iii) managing the services provided at Jewel Changi Airport. 5. How we use your Personal Data Members of the Jewel Related Entities strive to optimise their operations and the products and/or services offered to you through different channels (including the Platforms) such as providing relevant and personalised content designed to make your user experience smoother and more enjoyable. To effectively understand and meet your needs, the Jewel Related Entities (or any one of its members) may Process your Personal Data for purposes directly related to their functions and activities, including for any one or more of the following purposes: To provide you with services and to help us develop, improve, manage and administer the services the Jewel Related Entities (or any one of its members) provides to you, including services provided onand throughthe Platforms and WiFi services; To help us verify your identity for the purposes of processing and administering any membership application, registration or services; To send you notifications and marketing messages in relation to the promotional events, offers, opportunities, products, benefits and programmes offered by any member of the Jewel Related Entities; To conduct marketing activities including market research, customer profiling, customer insights and targeted marketing activities; To carry out profiling and statistical analysis to improve the services provided to you, including matching and aggregating the information you provide through different channels to understand how the Jewel Related Entities (or any one of its members) can serve you better; To inform you of changes to the Jewel Related Entities (or any one of its members) programmes, policies, terms and conditions, Platform updates and other administrative information; To administer and conduct programmes, promotions, events and games organised by any member of the Jewel Related Entities; To prevent, detect and investigate security incidents or breaches, crime, including fraud, and analysing and managing other risks; To customise the Platforms and their content to your particular preferences; To conduct surveys, questionnaires and requests for feedback; To respond to your queries, requests, feedback and complaints; For promotional and publicity purposes, including to record or take photographs of participants at events or functions organised, hosted or participated in by any member of the Jewel Related Entities; To meet the requirements of any applicable laws/regulations, enforceable governmental request or court order; To administer any contract that you or your organization has with Jewel; To detect, prevent or otherwise address security or technical issues in connection with services provided through the Platforms; and/or To fulfil such other purpose as may be specified in a data protection and privacy notice given to you at the time that your Personal Data is collected. 6. Disclosure and Transfer of your Personal Data In carrying out one or more of the purposes set out in section 5 of this Policy, we may disclose your Personal Data to one or more of the following third parties: Our agents; Our authorised service providers such as marketing partners and web analysis companies, and their business partners; Our auditors and professional advisors; Our business partners; Our underwriters and insurers; Law enforcement agencies; Any person to whom disclosure is permittedor required byany applicable laws/regulations, enforceable governmental request or court order; and/or Any member of the Jewel Related Entities. To facilitate our interaction with you, we may need to transfer your Personal Data outside of Singapore. We will only do so when measures are in place to provide the same level of protection provided under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012. 7. Consent Unless the applicable laws or regulations allow otherwise, we will obtain express written consent from you for the Processingof your Personal Data by methods or means such as making you sign a form or check a box.When you do so, you represent that you are over 16 years of age and can give valid consent. Where you provide information to us about any individual other than yourself (eg, an employee or child), you represent that you have valid authority and consent to do so and you must ensure that the other individual(s) consent to this Policy and understand how their information will be used. You can withdraw such consent at any time by contacting our data protection officer at the contact details set out in this Policy. Depending on the extent to which you withdraw consent, such withdrawal of consent may result in our inability to provide the relevant services to you and may be considered as a termination by you of any agreement between Jewel and you. Jewels legal rights and remedies are expressly reserved in such an event. Minors: If an individual under 16 years of age has provided us with Personal Data without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us at the contact details set out in this Policy to remove the relevant Personal Data. If we become aware that Personal Data has been collected from an individual under the age of 16 without parental or guardian consent, we will delete this Personal Data and any account that the individual may have with us. 8. Links to third-party websites We may provide links to third-party websites on the Platforms. Your use of such third-party websites will be subject to their privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. We encourage you to read the privacy policies on the other websites you visit. Once you have left the Platforms, you should check the applicable privacy policy of such third parties at their respective websites to determine how they will Process any information they collect from you. As we cannot control or be responsible for the policies of other websites we may link to, or the use of any data you may share with them, you access these third-party websites at your own risk. 9. Keeping your Personal Data secure We have put in place reasonable technical and procedural measures to safeguard your Personal Data,for example, by: Ensuring that access to any personal account you have with us is controlled by a password and username which are unique to you; Storing your Personal Data on secured servers; and Restricting access to Personal Data on a need to know basis. Please note that the use of the Internet and/or the Platforms cannot be made entirely secure and we therefore are unable to guarantee the security or integrity of any Personal Data which is transferred from you or to you via the Platforms. You undertake to bear the risks of any transfer. 10. Personal Data Access and Correction The accuracy of our data collection begins with you you undertake that you willprovide accurate and complete Personal Data, and update such Personal Data with us from time to time.Before providing your Personal Data to us, you should carefully check that the information that you have provided us is complete and accurate. You may request access to and/or correction of your Personal Data held by us by contacting us at the contact details set out in this Policy. All requests for access and/or correction will be processed within a reasonable time except where we refuse such requests in accordance with any applicable laws or regulations. In some situations, you may be able to access and correct your Personal Data directly through the Platforms. For requests other than through self-service functions on the Platforms, we may need to verify your identity before proceeding with your request. For verification purposes, we may require you to provide supporting information or documentation. For all requests other than through self-service functions on the Platforms, we may charge you a reasonable fee for the handling and processing of your request. 11. Further rights of data subjects in the European Union ("EU") Jewel are companies incorporated in Singapore. We do not have an establishment in the EU. However, if you are a data subject in the EU, and you believe that the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) (GDPR) applies to the Personal Data you have provided us,you may contact us if you wish to exercise the following further rights: Request for the erasure of your Personal Data; Request for the restriction of processing of your Personal Data; Object to the processing of your Personal Data; and/or Request to transfer your Personal Data to you or a third party. We may ask to verify your identity and claim before proceeding with your request. In the event that the GDPR applies, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant EU supervisory authority if we have contravened any applicable laws or regulations. All requests made to us in exercising the rights above will be processed within a reasonable time except where we refuse such requests in accordance with any applicable laws or regulations. 12. Data retention We will cease to retain your Personal Data when the purposes for which we collected your Personal Data have ceased and/or when we are no longer required to continue retaining your Personal Data for any legal or business purposes. 13. Unsolicited information Where you have provided us with unsolicited Personal Data, for example in unsolicited emails or public posts on message boards, you will be regarded as having given Jewel consent to use the unsolicited Personal Data as we see fit, on a non-confidential basis, and Jewel shall be free to use, disclose, distribute and exploit such unsolicited Personal Data without limitation or attribution. Jewel will strive to take reasonable steps to destroy or de-identify unsolicited Personal Data that Jewel has no purpose for, but it cannot guarantee that all unsolicited Personal Data will be disposed of given system and operational limitations. You bear responsibility for not providing Jewel with Personal Data beyond what we have requested from you, should you not consent to how we intend to treat unsolicited Personal Data provided by yourself. 14. Changes to this Policy We may amend this Policy (including the Cookies Policy) from time to timeto reflect any changes to the way in which we process your Personal Data or changing legal requirements. Any changes we may make to our Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you on the Platforms or other communication channels. By using our services, you undertake to check the relevant websites or sections of the Platforms regularly for any updates. 15. How to contact us We welcome your feedback, comments and any questions that you may have. For general enquiries, please emailcontact.us@jewelchangiairport.com. For specific queries on any of the Platforms, you can contact us via the email/portals listed in section 2 above. For matters related to this Policy or personal data related matters, please write to us at the address below, referencing Privacy Policy: Data Protection Officer Jewel Changi Airport Development Pte Ltd 78 Airport Boulevard #B3-200 Jewel Changi Airport, Singapore 819666 Singapore Or emaildata.protection@jewelchangiairport.comreferencing Privacy Policy. Updated as of19 Sep 2023 STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more General Information1. What are cookies?A cookie is a small piece of data sent to your browser by a website that you visit. Cookies hold a small amount of information specific to you, and remember your specific activities on our Platforms.We use the word cookies to include data, text, pixels, clear GIFs, log files, web beacons or other tracing or tracking files or similar technology that are placed on your device when you use our Platforms.2. How do we use cookies?We generally use cookies for the following functions:Strictly necessary cookies: We use these cookies to enable you to use our Platforms essential features. These include security cookies which we use to authenticate users, prevent fraudulent usage of login credentials and protect your data. If these cookies are disabled, you may not be able to use our Platforms or some of their features.Functionality cookies: We use these cookies to enhance your experience when using our Platforms by storing your preferences, such as your username, region or preferred language.Performance cookies: These cookies allow us to monitor the use, measure the effectiveness and improve the performance of our Platforms. Such cookies may be set by third-parties, including:o Google Analytics: This is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (Google) to help us monitor how some of our Platforms are used. Google utilises the data collected to track and examine the use of some of our Platforms and prepare reports on the activities undertaken on our Platforms. Google may also share the data with other Google services and use the data collected to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.The information collected by such cookies is aggregated and cannot be used to personally identify you.Other cookies placed by third-parties: Some of our Platforms may contain pages which contain embedded functions, social media tools or links supplied by third-parties (for example, videos may sometimes be embedded from YouTube). These functions or links may contain third-party cookies. Please consult the privacy policies of these third-parties for information regarding the use of their cookies or other automated data collection tools.3. ConsentJewel will only use non-essential cookies (i.e. performance cookies, targeting cookies and third-parties cookies) if you have given prior consent in accordance with the information contained in the pop-up box of your browser or device when you access a Platform for the first time.If you wish to withdraw your consent at any time, you must delete your cookies using your browser settings and disable the relevant cookies. Please refer to section 4 below on how to do this.4. How to manage cookies Through your browser or device: If you prefer to restrict, block or delete cookies from us or any of our third-parties, you can do this through your browser settings. Each browser is different, so please refer to your browsers Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you choose to disable all cookies we cannot guarantee the performance of our websites and some features may not work as expected. Through the third-parties websites:o Google: If you want to opt-out of Google Analytics, you can download and install the add-on for your web browser. For more information, click here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.5. Where can I manage my cookies settings?Chrome Users (Desktop)1. Click on the three-dot icon located at the top-right corner of your browser.2. Click on "Settings".3. Click on Privacy and security located at the left panel.4. Click on "Site settings, under Permissions, you will find Cookies and site date where you can manage your cookies settings.Chrome Users (Mobile)1. Access the menu by tapping on the three-dot icon located at the top-right corner of your browser.2. Scroll and tap on Settings.3. Tap on Privacy under the Advanced options. This is where you can manage your cookies settings.Fire Fox Users (Desktop)1. Click on the icon marked by three horizontal lines at the top-right corner of your browser.2. Click on "Options".3. Click on Privacy and security located at the left panel.4. Manage your cookies settings under Cookies and Site Data.Fire Fox Users (Mobile)1. Access the menu by tapping on the three-dot icon located at the top-right corner of your browser.2. Tap on Privacy where you can manage your cookies settings.Microsoft Edge Users1. Click on the icon marked by three dots in a horizontal row at the top-right corner of your browser.2. Click on "Settings".3. Expand the panel on the left and click on Privacy & security. This is where you can manage your cookies settings.Internet Explorer Users (Desktop)1. Click on the gear icon in the top-right corner and select "Internet options".2. Click on the "Privacy" tab. You can manager your cookies settings by clicking on Sites or Advanced.Safari Users (iOS)1. Go to your device settings. Tap on Safari and you can toggle Block All Cookies option to switch it on/off.2. If you want to be more prescriptive, you can scroll down to Advanced where you can manage your cookies settings for individual sites.Safari Users (Mac OS)1. Access the Safari menu by clicking in a gear icon.2. Select Preferences.3. Under Privacy, you would find Cookies and website data where you can manage your cookies settings. 1. What are cookies? A cookie is a small piece of data sent to your browser by a website that you visit. Cookies hold a small amount of information specific to you, and remember your specific activities on our Platforms. We use the word cookies to include data, text, pixels, clear GIFs, log files, web beacons or other tracing or tracking files or similar technology that are placed on your device when you use our Platforms. 2. How do we use cookies? We generally use cookies for the following functions: Strictly necessary cookies: We use these cookies to enable you to use our Platforms essential features. These include security cookies which we use to authenticate users, prevent fraudulent usage of login credentials and protect your data. If these cookies are disabled, you may not be able to use our Platforms or some of their features. Functionality cookies: We use these cookies to enhance your experience when using our Platforms by storing your preferences, such as your username, region or preferred language. Performance cookies: These cookies allow us to monitor the use, measure the effectiveness and improve the performance of our Platforms. Such cookies may be set by third-parties, including: o Google Analytics: This is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (Google) to help us monitor how some of our Platforms are used. Google utilises the data collected to track and examine the use of some of our Platforms and prepare reports on the activities undertaken on our Platforms. Google may also share the data with other Google services and use the data collected to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network. The information collected by such cookies is aggregated and cannot be used to personally identify you. Other cookies placed by third-parties: Some of our Platforms may contain pages which contain embedded functions, social media tools or links supplied by third-parties (for example, videos may sometimes be embedded from YouTube). These functions or links may contain third-party cookies. Please consult the privacy policies of these third-parties for information regarding the use of their cookies or other automated data collection tools. 3. Consent Jewel will only use non-essential cookies (i.e. performance cookies, targeting cookies and third-parties cookies) if you have given prior consent in accordance with the information contained in the pop-up box of your browser or device when you access a Platform for the first time. If you wish to withdraw your consent at any time, you must delete your cookies using your browser settings and disable the relevant cookies. Please refer to section 4 below on how to do this. 4. How to manage cookies Through your browser or device: If you prefer to restrict, block or delete cookies from us or any of our third-parties, you can do this through your browser settings. Each browser is different, so please refer to your browsers Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you choose to disable all cookies we cannot guarantee the performance of our websites and some features may not work as expected. Through the third-parties websites: o Google: If you want to opt-out of Google Analytics, you can download and install the add-on for your web browser. For more information, click here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. 5. Where can I manage my cookies settings? Chrome Users (Desktop) 1. Click on the three-dot icon located at the top-right corner of your browser. 2. Click on "Settings". 3. Click on Privacy and security located at the left panel. 4. Click on "Site settings, under Permissions, you will find Cookies and site date where you can manage your cookies settings. Chrome Users (Mobile) 1. Access the menu by tapping on the three-dot icon located at the top-right corner of your browser. 2. Scroll and tap on Settings. 3. Tap on Privacy under the Advanced options. This is where you can manage your cookies settings. Fire Fox Users (Desktop) 1. Click on the icon marked by three horizontal lines at the top-right corner of your browser. 2. Click on "Options". 3. Click on Privacy and security located at the left panel. 4. Manage your cookies settings under Cookies and Site Data. Fire Fox Users (Mobile) 1. Access the menu by tapping on the three-dot icon located at the top-right corner of your browser. 2. Tap on Privacy where you can manage your cookies settings. Microsoft Edge Users 1. Click on the icon marked by three dots in a horizontal row at the top-right corner of your browser. 2. Click on "Settings". 3. Expand the panel on the left and click on Privacy & security. This is where you can manage your cookies settings. Internet Explorer Users (Desktop) 1. Click on the gear icon in the top-right corner and select "Internet options". 2. Click on the "Privacy" tab. You can manager your cookies settings by clicking on Sites or Advanced. Safari Users (iOS) 1. Go to your device settings. Tap on Safari and you can toggle Block All Cookies option to switch it on/off. 2. If you want to be more prescriptive, you can scroll down to Advanced where you can manage your cookies settings for individual sites. Safari Users (Mac OS) 1. Access the Safari menu by clicking in a gear icon. 2. Select Preferences. 3. Under Privacy, you would find Cookies and website data where you can manage your cookies settings. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more We are always looking for young talent with a passion to make a difference and provide them with valuable exposure into the business world. If you think that an internship stint at one of Singapores top shopping and leisure destinations is what you are looking for, we invite you to explore an internship with us. Outstanding candidates may have the chance to join our Management Associate Programme (MAP) upon graduation.Interns can join us all year round. We accept applications from both University and Polytechnic students. We will work with you to identify a suitable department based on your interest and discuss the scope & period of internship with you and/or your school as may be necessary.Interested applicants should send a cover letter and their resum tocareers@jewelchangiairport.com. We are always looking for young talent with a passion to make a difference and provide them with valuable exposure into the business world. If you think that an internship stint at one of Singapores top shopping and leisure destinations is what you are looking for, we invite you to explore an internship with us. Outstanding candidates may have the chance to join our Management Associate Programme (MAP) upon graduation. Interns can join us all year round. We accept applications from both University and Polytechnic students. We will work with you to identify a suitable department based on your interest and discuss the scope & period of internship with you and/or your school as may be necessary. Interested applicants should send a cover letter and their resum tocareers@jewelchangiairport.com. "A place that grows and challenges you to reach your potential. With the trust and guidance from my colleagues and supervisor, I was given multiple opportunities to undertake and assist in various tasks and projects." Ashley Wong Yuen  Studies (Marketing), Ngee Ann Polytechnic "My internship has made me more adaptable and inspired me to broaden my perspective, which will be beneficial towards my career in future." Farizah Bte Mohamad Assalam User Experience, Landscape Landscape Architecture, Singapore Polytechnic STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more The Jewel Changi Airport Development (JCAD) Management Associate Programme (J-MAP) is designed to nurture future leaders of the retail and hospitality industry. The programme offers fresh graduates a structured training with mentorship opportunities. You will gain in-depth expertise and career development opportunities that will enable you to fast track your career.This exciting three-year programme will offer you valuable insights to different aspects of the business with at least three job rotations across the diverse business functions. You will be sent for Leadership training in the third year and receive one-on-one mentorship from senior leaders throughout the duration of the programme.Interested applicants should send a cover letter and their resum tocareers@jewelchangiairport.com. The Jewel Changi Airport Development (JCAD) Management Associate Programme (J-MAP) is designed to nurture future leaders of the retail and hospitality industry. The programme offers fresh graduates a structured training with mentorship opportunities. You will gain in-depth expertise and career development opportunities that will enable you to fast track your career. This exciting three-year programme will offer you valuable insights to different aspects of the business with at least three job rotations across the diverse business functions. You will be sent for Leadership training in the third year and receive one-on-one mentorship from senior leaders throughout the duration of the programme. Interested applicants should send a cover letter and their resum tocareers@jewelchangiairport.com. Frequently Asked Questions Frequently Asked Questions Applications are now open and will close on 30 Nov 2024. Shortlisted candidates can expect to receive an offer by Feb /Mar 2025. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more At Jewel Changi Airport, we have a passionate team that takes pride in managing Singapores beloved icon, displays dedication to delight both local residents and travellers, and who also constantly strives for excellence in all that we do. We seek like-minded, talented and dynamic individuals to be part of our team, with rewarding careers and growth opportunities. View the available job opportunities below. Interested applicants should send a cover letter and their resum tocareers@jewelchangiairport.com. At Jewel Changi Airport, we have a passionate team that takes pride in managing Singapores beloved icon, displays dedication to delight both local residents and travellers, and who also constantly strives for excellence in all that we do. We seek like-minded, talented and dynamic individuals to be part of our team, with rewarding careers and growth opportunities. View the available job opportunities below. Interested applicants should send a cover letter and their resum tocareers@jewelchangiairport.com. Executive / Senior Executive, Finance (1 Year Contract) Finance & Admin Executive Senior Executive, Finance (FP&A) Executive / Senior Executive, Guest Experience Senior Executive / Assistant Manager, M&E STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Jewel Changi Airport Devt Pte Ltd (JCAD) is a joint venture between Changi Airport Group and CapitaLand Mall Asia to manage the upcoming development, Jewel Changi Airport. Strategically located in the heart of the airport, Jewel is envisaged to be a world-class lifestyle destination that will enable the Changi air hub to capture passenger mindshare and strongly boost Singapores appeal as a stopover point for travelers.We are seeking a detail-oriented Procurement Specialist with accounting background to join our team. The ideal candidate should be proficient in using the accounting system (SAP) to transact the procurement activities (e.g. create Purchase Order (PO), perform Goods Receipt Note (GRN)..). This role is essential in ensuring smooth procure-to-pay operations, ensuring compliance with company policies, and maintaining accurate accounting records.Main  duties include the following main function:Procurement Operations:-Create and manage Purchase Orders (PO) in SAP based on approved procurement requests.-Perform Goods Receipt Note (GRN) in SAP based on approved requests, ensuring that goods and services are received in accordance with POs.-Collaborate with internal departments to ensure timely and accurate procurement activities.-Collaborate with internal departments to resolve discrepancies between POs, deliveries, and invoices.-Ensure compliance with procurement policies, financial regulations, and internal controls.-Maintain accurate records of purchase orders, contracts, and related documentation in SAP.-Work closely with the finance team to reconcile procurement-related transactions, ensuring accurate booking of costs in a timely manner.-Prepare procurement reports and provide insights on the available data.- Assist with internal and external audits related to procurement process.- Any assigned ad-hoc tasks. Jewel Changi Airport Devt Pte Ltd (JCAD) is a joint venture between Changi Airport Group and CapitaLand Mall Asia to manage the upcoming development, Jewel Changi Airport. Strategically located in the heart of the airport, Jewel is envisaged to be a world-class lifestyle destination that will enable the Changi air hub to capture passenger mindshare and strongly boost Singapores appeal as a stopover point for travelers. We are seeking a detail-oriented Procurement Specialist with accounting background to join our team. The ideal candidate should be proficient in using the accounting system (SAP) to transact the procurement activities (e.g. create Purchase Order (PO), perform Goods Receipt Note (GRN)..). This role is essential in ensuring smooth procure-to-pay operations, ensuring compliance with company policies, and maintaining accurate accounting records. Main  Your duties include the following main function: Procurement Operations: -Create and manage Purchase Orders (PO) in SAP based on approved procurement requests. -Perform Goods Receipt Note (GRN) in SAP based on approved requests, ensuring that goods and services are received in accordance with POs. -Collaborate with internal departments to ensure timely and accurate procurement activities. -Collaborate with internal departments to resolve discrepancies between POs, deliveries, and invoices. -Ensure compliance with procurement policies, financial regulations, and internal controls. -Maintain accurate records of purchase orders, contracts, and related documentation in SAP. -Work closely with the finance team to reconcile procurement-related transactions, ensuring accurate booking of costs in a timely manner. -Prepare procurement reports and provide insights on the available data. - Assist with internal and external audits related to procurement process. - Any assigned ad-hoc tasks. View More View More View More Interested applicants should send a cover letter and their resum tocareers@jewelchangiairport.com STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Jewel Changi Airport Devt Pte Ltd (JCAD) is a joint venture between Changi Airport Group andCapitaLand Mall Asia to manage the upcoming development, Jewel Changi Airport.  in the heart of the airport, Jewel is envisaged to be a world-class lifestyle destination thatwill enable the Changi air hub to capture passenger mindshare and strongly boost Singaporesappeal as a stopover point for travelers.Reporting directly to the Senior Finance Manager, the candidate will assume responsibility for allareas of financial and management accounting. This will include monthly closing of accounts,preparation of audit schedules, variance analysis, filing of GST returns & income tax filing andpayment processing. The candidate will also be involved in administrative duties as below.Main  and Management Accounting functions:- Transacting AP invoices in accounting records and ensure that proper payment approval and relevant supporting documents are in place.- Process and issue payments to suppliers.- Provide inputs for monthly cash flow forecast to facilitate cash optimisation for the firm.- Manage Accounts Payable aging.- Prepare journal entries and audit schedules.- Perform month end closing activities.- Liaise with auditors (internal and external) on annual audit related matters.Admin functions:- Oversee and support all administrative duties in the office.- Manage office supplies & equipment and liaising with vendors and service providers, ensuringan efficient and well-organized office environment.- Processing of office-related invoices.- Assist in organizing company events, meetings and conferences. Jewel Changi Airport Devt Pte Ltd (JCAD) is a joint venture between Changi Airport Group andCapitaLand Mall Asia to manage the upcoming development, Jewel Changi Airport.  in the heart of the airport, Jewel is envisaged to be a world-class lifestyle destination thatwill enable the Changi air hub to capture passenger mindshare and strongly boost Singaporesappeal as a stopover point for travelers. Reporting directly to the Senior Finance Manager, the candidate will assume responsibility for allareas of financial and management accounting. This will include monthly closing of accounts,preparation of audit schedules, variance analysis, filing of GST returns & income tax filing andpayment processing. The candidate will also be involved in administrative duties as below. Main  Financial and Management Accounting functions: Admin functions: View More View More View More Interested applicants should send a cover letter and their resum tocareers@jewelchangiairport.com STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Jewel Changi Airport (Jewel), a world-class multi-dimensional lifestyle destination in Singapore, is a joint venture by Changi Airport Group and CapitaLand. Jewel is located at the gateway of Changi Airport.As the Senior Executive, Finance (FP&A) at Jewel Changi Airport, you will play a pivotal role in supporting the management in driving financial planning, analysis, and treasury function. You will be responsible for handling the day-to-day treasury operations of the company. This role reports directly to the Assistant Manager.Main - Manage the annual budgeting process, working closely with department budget coordinators to ensure accuracy and alignment with the company's strategic goals.- Create, maintain, and improve financial models to support long-term financial planning and forecasting.- Analyze financial results, monitor key performance indicators, and provide insights and recommendations to senior management.- Prepare and present financial reports to the shareholders and board of directors.- Handle cash flow management, ensuring the company has the necessary liquidity to meet its financial obligations and strategic initiatives.- Monitor and maintain the company's credit facilities, ensuring compliance with covenants and regulations. Jewel Changi Airport (Jewel), a world-class multi-dimensional lifestyle destination in Singapore, is a joint venture by Changi Airport Group and CapitaLand. Jewel is located at the gateway of Changi Airport. As the Senior Executive, Finance (FP&A) at Jewel Changi Airport, you will play a pivotal role in supporting the management in driving financial planning, analysis, and treasury function. You will be responsible for handling the day-to-day treasury operations of the company. This role reports directly to the Assistant Manager. Main  View More View More View More Interested applicants should send a cover letter and their resum tocareers@jewelchangiairport.com STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more You will help to enhance the competitiveness of Jewel Changi Airport, a world-class lifestyle destination that comprises attractions, retail, F&B, hotel and aviation services, through the following responsibilities:- Identify, source for sales opportunities and outreach to drive the sales of Canopy Parks attractions through inbound lead follow-up and outbound cold calls, emails and client visits.- Build, establish rapport and maintain contact with clients to encourage repeated businesses.- Deepen existing collaborations and explore new opportunities & joint campaigns with partners; handle the promotions from planning, key visual design, marketing, execution to evaluation.- Conduct familiarisation trips and site inspections, as well as product presentations to showcase and market to potential clients.- Working with internal and external stakeholders to prepare marketing collaterals & materials, as well as manage the marketing inventory.- Support Manager in various sales & marketing admin related roles e.g. consolidating statistical reports, managing the CRM database and mailing list, preparing reports, as well as assisting in any other ad-hoc projects or duties assigned. You will help to enhance the competitiveness of Jewel Changi Airport, a world-class lifestyle destination that comprises attractions, retail, F&B, hotel and aviation services, through the following responsibilities: View More View More View More Interested applicants should send a cover letter and their resum tocareers@jewelchangiairport.com STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more The User Experience department manages Jewel Changi Airports attractions & mall operations, guest experience (GX), facilities management, as well as tenancy design & experiential creation. As a core member of the GX team, you will strengthen Jewels excellence in operations and guest engagement, as well as enhance its competitiveness as a multi-dimensional lifestyle destination.You will have both shift and regular hours responsibilities, including:- Duty manager and overall shift in-charge of the daily attractions & mall operations; organise the service partners and oversee the key deliveries in service, safety, security & experience.- Lead for assigned attractions, guest engagement and/or operational portfolios, develop continual improvement plans, champion and implement related initiatives.- Drive new operational/ experiential trials and projects.- Feedback management, stakeholder management, events planning. The User Experience department manages Jewel Changi Airports attractions & mall operations, guest experience (GX), facilities management, as well as tenancy design & experiential creation. As a core member of the GX team, you will strengthen Jewels excellence in operations and guest engagement, as well as enhance its competitiveness as a multi-dimensional lifestyle destination. You will have both shift and regular hours responsibilities, including: - Duty manager and overall shift in-charge of the daily attractions & mall operations; organise the service partners and oversee the key deliveries in service, safety, security & experience. - Lead for assigned attractions, guest engagement and/or operational portfolios, develop continual improvement plans, champion and implement related initiatives. - Drive new operational/ experiential trials and projects. - Feedback management, stakeholder management, events planning. View More View More View More Interested applicants should send a cover letter and their resum tocareers@jewelchangiairport.com STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Home to the worlds largest indoor waterfall and a verdant indoor landscape, Jewel Changi Airport is an integration of engineering marvels with nature. It is also an iconic multi-dimensional destination that houses not just a mall, but also attractions, gardens, hotel and aviation facilities under a striking glass and steel dome.As the Assistant Manager for M&E, you will be part of the Mechanical, Electrical, Safety & Attractions (MESA) team that manages Jewels mechanical, electrical and attractions systems, as well as the overall fire safety and workplace safety & health. As a core member of MESA, you will:-Manage the Fire and Engineered Smoke Control systems (ESCS), attractions and/or other assigned M&E services and the related service providers/vendors, which includes administering the corresponding contracts, reviewing their performance, and ensuring services delivered to & exceed expectations.-Seek continual improvement including but not limited to enhanced process/procedure formulation, recommendation for upgrading, life-cycle cost analysis, preparation of technical reports, tender specifications, procurement and necessary approvals, etc.-Ensure all activities comply with approved work processes & instructions, safety procedures, quality controls and statutory Codes of Practice, among others.-Liaise with the relevant authorities for annual (re)certifications, licenses to operate, submission of regulatory documents, etc.-Support the associated budgeting, expenditure, and administration.-Support both the mall & attractions operations, events and other ad-hoc projects. Home to the worlds largest indoor waterfall and a verdant indoor landscape, Jewel Changi Airport is an integration of engineering marvels with nature. It is also an iconic multi-dimensional destination that houses not just a mall, but also attractions, gardens, hotel and aviation facilities under a striking glass and steel dome. As the Assistant Manager for M&E, you will be part of the Mechanical, Electrical, Safety & Attractions (MESA) team that manages Jewels mechanical, electrical and attractions systems, as well as the overall fire safety and workplace safety & health. As a core member of MESA, you will: View More View More View More Interested applicants should send a cover letter and their resum tocareers@jewelchangiairport.com STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Amid the greenery, how many animals do you spy? Let your imagination run wild with the topiary animals at the photo-friendly enclave. Mon - Thu:10:00AM - 9:00PMFri - Sun, Eve & PH:10:00AM - 10:00PMLast admission is 30 mins prior to closing time Canopy Park (L5) Canopy Park ticket includes: 1. Discovery Slides# 2. Foggy Bowls 3. Petal Garden 4. Topiary Walk Standard Rate Adult/Child - SGD 8 Singapore Residents* Adult/Child/**Student/Senior - SGD 6 CapitaStar Members &Changi Rewards Members Special Rate[Available at Jewel Concierge Counters (L1, 2, 5)] Adult/Child/**Student/Senior - SGD 5.40 Child: 3 - 12 years old | Senior: 60 years old and aboveAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. * Applicable for Singapore citizens, permanent residents, employment pass, work permit and dependent pass holders. Proof of residency may be required at the point of ticket purchase and upon admission. **Current students of local Universities, Polytechnics, Junior Colleges, Institutes of Technical Education and Secondary School holding a valid student photo ID are eligible to purchase student ticket. Verification will be done at the point of entry. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 39 | **Child - SGD 29 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# 6.Bouncing Net^# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 54 | **Child - SGD 39 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 56 | **Child - SGD 40 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# 7. Bouncing Net^# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 71 | **Child - SGD 50 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more <p>An augmented reality experience with dinosaurs</p> Balance your way through an adventure Feel like you're bouncing among trees Lose yourself in a kaleidoscopic escapade Leafy playscapes you can't resist Take a walk through the air A sculptural playscape <p>A journey of fun and discovery through the exciting virtual world of Changi Airport</p> The marvel at Jewel's heart A recreational playground for everyone Explore eternal spring within Jewel Play amongst the clouds The winsome charm of a garden in bloom A whimsical wonderland <p>Bundles of fun at Canopy Park</p> STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR <p></p> <p></p> 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Enjoy creative displays of seasonal flowers from around the world. Coming in every colour and shape, from the delicate to the flamboyant, these blossoms will lift your spirits. Capture fabulous photos as a memento of your day at Jewel! Mon - Thu:10:00AM - 9:00PMFri - Sun, Eve & PH:10:00AM - 10:00PMLast admission is 30 mins prior to closing time Canopy Park (L5) Canopy Park ticket includes: 1. Discovery Slides# 2. Foggy Bowls 3. Petal Garden 4. Topiary Walk Standard Rate Adult/Child - SGD 8 Singapore Residents* Adult/Child/**Student/Senior - SGD 6 CapitaStar Members &Changi Rewards Members Special Rate[Available at Jewel Concierge Counters (L1, 2, 5)] Adult/Child/**Student/Senior - SGD 5.40 Child: 3 - 12 years old | Senior: 60 years old and aboveAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. * Applicable for Singapore citizens, permanent residents, employment pass, work permit and dependent pass holders. Proof of residency may be required at the point of ticket purchase and upon admission. **Current students of local Universities, Polytechnics, Junior Colleges, Institutes of Technical Education and Secondary School holding a valid student photo ID are eligible to purchase student ticket. Verification will be done at the point of entry. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 39 | **Child - SGD 29 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# 6.Bouncing Net^# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 54 | **Child - SGD 39 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 56 | **Child - SGD 40 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# 7. Bouncing Net^# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 71 | **Child - SGD 50 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Pack your day with endless fun with Canopy Park Bundle Deals! Mon - Thu:10:00AM - 9:00PMFri - Sun, Eve & PH:10:00am - 10:00pm Bundle Deal 1 includes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 39 | **Child - SGD 29 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Bundle Deal 2 includes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# 6.Bouncing Net^# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 54 | **Child - SGD 39 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Bundle Deal 3 includes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 56 | **Child - SGD 40 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES Bundle Deal 4 includes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# 7. Bouncing Net^# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 71 | **Child - SGD 50 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR 8900 TimeLens 6 105 1 * 3.5 SGD 20 * SGD 18 CapitaStar Changi Rewards Jewel App SGD 16 Mastercard MCJEWELMastercard : * 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Not Found. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more 1 May 2024 - 30 April 2025 Jewel Changi Airport From now till 30 April 2025, UOB Cardmembers from Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam will receive a S$10 Jewel Gift Voucher with a min. spend of S$100 (max. 3 same-day receipts). Receipts for purchase of donation bundles from Fairprice Finest are not eligible for points issuance and mall promotion redemptions. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR 2023512024430 2024 4 30 S$ 150 3 S$10 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR 5 524 Andy Eng, Megumi Shinozaki : : : - 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more In celebration of Jewel's 5th Year Anniversary, enjoy exclusive celebratory perks when you shop, dine and play! Redeem complimentary vouchers, indulge in exclusive in-store promotions, specially curated retail merchandise and experiences, and discover cardholder-exclusive deals at participating stores! FIND OUT MORE FIND OUT MORE FIND OUT MORE An exciting line-up of events and activities happening this year! Jewel Blooms: What A Feelin5 Jewel Blooms: What a Feelin5 is a multi-sensory journey for all visitors where it promises to evoke feelings of joy, excitement, and bring every visitor on a journey that aims to delight and surprise. From larger-than-life installations to whimsical arrangements, visitors can look forward to a visual spectacle at Canopy Park with five distinct zones of interactive displays that come with aromatic scents and immersive music for an exciting floral adventure. Have a field day weaving your way through Singapore's largest Hedge Maze filled with vibrant blooms, evoking happiness and joy or marvel at the lush hanging floral arrangements at the Mirror Maze as you wander through a mesmerising kaleidoscope of colors at every twist and turn. Dont miss out the special collaboration with award winning Singaporean garden designer Andy Eng and Japanese floral artist Megumi Shinozaki, known for her sustainable works, at the Petal Garden which will house a large-scale floral artwork made from fresh and preserved flowers. FIND OUT MORE FIND OUT MORE FIND OUT MORE PURCHASE YOUR TICKETS HERE PURCHASE YOUR TICKETS HERE PURCHASE YOUR TICKETS HERE STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR 20235242024811 5 524 Andy Eng, Megumi Shinozaki : : : - * 2024524811 202461, | 1012 | South Gateway Garden Facebook Facebook Facebook 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more 5 August - 31 October 2024 (Weekdays) Level 5 Enjoy 1-for-1 chill drinks withany ordersat the following participating Level 5 outlets from Monday to Thursday, 5pm onwards: Burger & Lobster DePatio Hitoyoshi Izakaya Kantin Prive Tanuki Raw For the full list of terms and conditions, please clickhere. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more 11 November 2023 - 28 September 2025 (Saturdays and Sundays only) Jewel Every Saturday and Sunday, spend $50 ($100 for supermarket)* with Mastercard in a single, same day receipt at any Jewel attractions, retail and F&B outlets to redeema 2-hour free parking eCoupon (worth $5.20).Redeem your free parking* via the Changi App (CarPass) today! Parking eCoupon is valid for Jewel / Terminal 1 carpark levelsB3 to B5only. For Changi Rewards members with the Changi App. *Limited redemptions daily, valid on a first-come-first served basis and while stocks last. *Terms Apply. You need to have the Changi app and be a Changi Rewards (CR) member to redeem parking eCoupons via CarPass. If there is a CarPass QR code on your qualifying receipt: If there is no CarPass QR code on your qualifying receipt: Exit the carpark seamlessly! 2-hour free parking will be deducted from your parking charges. There is no need to remove your cashcard. ** Please ensure that promotion redemption on Carpass is done at least 15 minutes prior to exiting the carpark. Prevailing parking chargesis applicable to hours outside of the complimentary 2-hour parking. For more information (eg.changing or updating of vehicle IU), please refer to the CarPass FAQhere. Please click here for the full list of Terms and Conditions Please click here for the full list of Terms and Conditions Please click here for the full list of Terms and Conditions STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR 2023111120241110 Mastercard S$50 S$100* 2 S$4.80 CarPass* Jewel/1B3B5 Changi App Changi Rewards * * Changi App Changi Rewards (CR) CarPass CarPass QR CarPass QR 2 ** 15 Carpass IU CarPass - Mastercard 2 Mastercard S$50 S$100 - 2023 11 11 2024 11 10 - - CarPass - Changi Rewards - 2$4.80 - 1 / B3 B5 1 B2 B2M 2 3 4 - 2 - - - (F&B) , , Gift by Changi, YOTELAIR Singapore Changi Airport, Dyson Demo Store Service Centre , Minmed Wellness Collective , (, CapitaVoucher, eCapitaVoucher, Changi Rewards eVoucher, Changi Dollar Voucher, Changi Gift Card), iTunes , , ,///SISTIC/AXS/SAM / Jewel AtriumCloud9 Piazzapop-up // - Jewel * 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more 15 June 2024 to 15 Dec 2024 Receive a pair of Mastercard Canopy Bridge Adult tickets and S$10 Jewel Gift voucher when you charge a minimum of S$150 (max 2 same-day receipts) to your OCBC Mastercard at any participating outlet! *Promotion has been fully redeemed Receipts for purchase of donation bundles from Fairprice Finest are not eligible for points issuance and mall promotion redemptions. Promotion is valid for receipts from all Retail and Food & Beverage (F&B) outlets within Jewel Changi Airport, except for the following: KCUTS Gift by Changi Airport Changi Experience Studio Changi Lounge YOTELAIR Singapore Changi Airport Servicing charges from Dyson Demo Store Service Centre Health screening and screening packages from Minmed Wellness Collective Voucher purchases (i.e. vouchers from any Jewel outlets, physical CapitaVoucher, eCapitaVoucher, Changi Rewards eVoucher, Changi Dollar Voucher, Changi Gift Card) iTunes Gift Card On site and online purchases, including website or app ticket purchases, for Jewel Attractions Tobacco products Banks / ATMs / Money Changers / Financial Services SISTIC / AXS / SAM payments Cash Card / Stored Value Cards Top-Up transactions Temporary vendors at promotional spaces, e.g. Jewel Atrium, Cloud9 Piazza, pop-up stores, pushcarts/kiosks and vending machines Lounges, passenger meeting services counters, left-luggage service counters, tour and travel services Car rental/polishing services, airport shuttle and transportation counters Donation Bundle from FairPrice Otherterms and conditionsby Jewel Changi Airport and Mastercard apply. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more 1 July - 30 September 2025 Jewel Changi Airport CapitaLands largest consumer giveaway in Singapore is back! Dont miss your chance to be among 5 lucky winners to drive away in a brand new car. Every spend of $60* in a single receipt with CapitaStar earns you a chance to be a big winner! Terms apply.* Clickherefor more details. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR 1 : * 3 Jewel 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Ongoing Early Check-in Counter, Level 1 Have a sparkling time at Jewel just before your flight! Check in early at our Early Check-in Counter* located at Jewel, Level 1 and enjoy specially curated deals at our participating outlets! Participating Outlets: *Early check-in at Jewel Early Check In Counter is available at least 3 hours or earlier before your flight. Clickhereto find out more. -Limited to one (1) coupon redemption per passenger per check-in, while stocks last.- Coupons must be presented at participating outlets to enjoy the special discounts and promotions.- All promotions are valid at participating outlets in Jewel Changi Airport only.- Promotions are subject to availability and respective outlet's terms and conditions. Please vist the respective outlet for the full terms and conditions.- Jewel Changi Airport reserves the right to amend the terms and conditions of the promotion without prior notice. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR 4 4 Jewel Double Rewards * Double Rewards S$1,000 S$10 changipay changipay changipay STAR$ eCapitaVoucher 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR A destination in itself, Jewel is home to a range of unique event and meeting spaces that offer some of Singapores most stunning views, including the majestic HSBC Rain Vortex. From larger scale corporate gala dinners, conferences and events, lifestyle brand launches, to cosy festive and birthday celebrations, our one-of-a-kind venues provide memorable experiences for different occasions and is set to elevate your events like none other. A destination in itself, Jewel is home to a range of unique event and meeting spaces that offer some of Singapores most stunning views, including the majestic HSBC Rain Vortex. From larger scale corporate gala dinners, conferences and events, lifestyle brand launches, to cosy festive and birthday celebrations, our one-of-a-kind venues provide memorable experiences for different occasions and is set to elevate your events like none other. Surrounded by world-renowned international and popular homegrown brands, the B1 Jewel Atrium is where exciting events come to live! Enquire now:atriumsales@jewelchangiairport.com Basement 1 Jewel Suite is designed to offer an exemplary dedicated space that provides a sense of intimacy, together with a spectacular view of the HSBC Rain Vortex from the terrace. ViewVirtual Tour Enquire now:contact.us@jewelchangiairport.com Level 4 Located on the top level of Jewel and surrounded by a beautiful park with unique play attractions, Cloud9 Piazza offers guests an unparalleled view of the HSBC Rain Vortex in a refreshing alfresco setting in air-conditioned comfort. It is an ideal space for corporate and community functions, as well as consumer lifestyle and experiential events. Enquire now:cloud9piazza@changiairport.com(for Cloud9 Piazza / multiple venue enquiries across Venues 3 to 8) Level 5 In this first-of-its-kind digitalattraction, go on a journey of fun and discovery through the exciting virtual world of Changi Airport. Enjoy fun games and interactive exhibits that will delight both adults and kids. With over 20 different touchpoints and 10 content zones spread across an area of 3,000sqm, the attraction is an ideal venue for Family Day events, corporate team building, company townhalls, conferences and client networking events. Within the studio, there is an exclusive 12m-long balcony offering panoramic and unblocked views of the HSBC Rain Vortex, adding to the wow factor of your corporate event. Contact us for exclusive options to book out the entire studio for your private corporate event. Enquire now:ces.sales@changiairport.com/cloud9piazza@changiairport.com(for multiple venue enquiry across Venues 3 to 8) Level 4 Within the vicinity of Changi Experience Studio, there is a seminar room well-equipped for corporate meetings, seminars, workshops and cosy private functions. Enquire now:ces.sales@changiairport.com/cloud9piazza@changiairport.com(for multiple venue enquiry across Venues 3 to 8) Level 4, within Changi Experience Studio Keen to hold a reception or cocktail session in Changi Experience Studio without booking the entire studio? There is the option to book just the event space within the studio that offers an exclusive view of the HSBC Rain Vortex. Surrounded by fun, the venue allows you to cap off an engaging event of fun with an enjoyable reception that provides opportunities for your guests to network over a picturesque backdrop. Enquire now:ces.sales@changiairport.com/cloud9piazza@changiairport.com(for multiple venue enquiry across Venues 3 to 8) Level 4, within Changi Experience Studio, #04-300 Have overseas guests you need to have an official meeting with near the airport? Or looking for a unique venue to host your off-site meeting? The Changi Lounge has well-equipped meeting rooms that are suitable for private meetings in an exclusive setting. One meeting room can accommodate up to 8 persons. There are options to combine two meeting rooms into a single larger one that can accommodate up to 16 persons. Enquire now:reservations.changilounge@changiairport.com/cloud9piazza@changiairport.com(for multiple venue enquiry across Venues 3 to 8) Level 1, Changi Lounge For an exclusive private event, opt for the elegant Valley View Private Suite, which is nicely tucked away from public view, to host your VIPs and C-suite guests. With a formal boardroom section equipped with meeting facilities, as well as an attached lounge area providing luxurious comfort, the suite is ideal for board and senior management meetings, as well as for hosting distinguished guests on special occasions like wedding solemnisations. The highlight of the room is the open balcony overlooking the Shiseido Forest Valley, providing idyllic views of the valleys lush greenery, perfect for a relaxing tea reception in a garden setting. Enquire now:ces.sales@changiairport.com/cloud9piazza@changiairport.com(for multiple venue enquiry across Venues 3 to 8) Level 4 92 sqm 40 Guests Audio-visual equipment Flipchart boards and whiteboards with coloured markers Complimentary Wifi Panel of Renowned Caterers 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR -- -- " " contact.us@jewelchangiairport.com 5 120 20 4 Jewel Suite Jewel Suite Jewel Suite contact.us@jewelchangiairport.com 4 125 25 -- (Loewe )- - - - Cloud9 Piazza 1,000 cloud9piazza@changiairport.com 5 cloud9piazza@changiairport.com 4 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie

[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR T2T3T1T4T4T3 T2T3T1T4T4T3 D/E - (Shiseido Forest Valley) (HSBC Rain Vortex) * 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR *:61159 E T R S T2T3T1T4T4T3 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more This terrestrial aroid exhibits an upright growing form, hence its common name. However, it can use its aerial roots to climb up other plants as it reaches for sunlight. Its most noticeable feature is its large, glossy, deeply lobed leaves, which can grow up to a metre in length. The generic name (Philodendron) when translated from Greek, means loving tree (philo = loving, and dendron = tree). This is with reference to the way many plants in this genus appear to hug a tree as it climbs up the trunk. Can be found atShiseido Forest Valley, North Canyon (Level 1) Humid tropical forests but can also be found in swamps, on riverbanks, roadsides, and rock outcrops Brazil, Bolivia, Paraguay, Argentina Wild pepper is commonly planted as groundcover due to its tight growing form. It is also used in many traditional Southeast Asian dishes such asnasi ulam(a Malay rice dish) andmiang kham(a Thai snack), imparting a light peppery taste. This is no wonder as it comes from the same genus as the culinary pepper plant,Piper nigrum(black pepper). Can be found at Shiseido Forest Valley and Canopy Park (Grown as ground cover) Tropics, Subtropics Southern China, India, Indochina, Malaysia, Indonesia, Philippines This beautiful palm has a solitary stem topped by circular, pleated leaves that resemble fans. Each leaf has curved teeth at the base of each stem. Its single-seeded fruits are round and marble-like, and grow on long, drooping stalks. The fruits turn from green to red as they ripen. While not edible to humans, these fruits are favoured by animals like birds and bats. Can be found at Shiseido Forest Valley, East Trail (Level 1) Rainforests This climber is well-loved for its large perforated, heart-shaped leaves which give it its common name. Its Latin specific epithet,deliciosa, describes its large, edible fruit; it is said to taste like a mixture of fruits ranging from bananas, passionfruit, mango, and pineapple. The fruit should only be eaten when fully ripe, as unripe fruits contain oxalate crystals that cause inflammation in the mouth and throat. Can be found atShiseido Forest Valley, East Trail (Level 2 and 3) Humid tropical forests Central America This deciduous tree has a distinct, layered branching form and bears small leaves. Its uniform, pagoda-like shape makes it a popular choice as an ornamental tree. The generic name has its roots in the Latin word terminalis (ending) and refers to the way its leaves are clustered at the end of the shoots. Can be found atShiseido Forest Valley, Level 1 Tropical coastal habitats such as tropical beach forests, rocky and sandy beaches and even at the edges of mangrove swamps Madagascar This large, evergreen tree fern is endemic to Australia, meaning that it does not occur naturally anywhere else in the world.The generic name, Dicksonia, honours James Dickson, a Scottish plant collector and botanist who contributed much to the study of plants.The center of the trunk (the pith) is rich in starch and was once a source of food for Tasmanian Aborigines. Can be found atShiseido Forest Valley, Level 1 Tropical rainforests and humid coastlines in southeastern Australia and Tasmania Native to eastern Australia, ranging from south-east Queensland, coastal New South Wales, and Victoria to Tasmania. Usually grown as an ornamental, this climbing vine produces white and red/pink petals with long white stamens. It also is known to have medicinal properties, with various plant parts having compounds that are used to treat diseases such as asthma, jaundice, typhoid, and hypertension. Can be found atShiseido Forest Valley, along the bridges of West Trail Disturbed vegetated areas and damp lower montane forests West and West-Central tropical Africa The Brazilian Calathea is an evergreen shrub that can grow up to 1.5 metres in height. It has green oval-shaped leaves that have a light-green midrib. The leaves are held erect by a long leaf stalk. The leaves display an interesting habit: they fold together at night and unfold in the morning. The Brazilian Calathea also bears large, white star-shaped flowers. These grow from long stalks that allow them to stand tall above the foliage. Can be found atShiseido Forest Valley, along East Trail Wet Tropical Forest (understorey) Peru, Northern Brazil, Colombia and Ecuador The Red Ginger is a tall, upright evergreen plant belonging to the large family Zingiberaceae. It is known for its bright red inflorescence that is borne on the end of stalks. The inflorescence comprises of a compact arrangement of overlapping bracts that resembles a cone. This showy feature contrasts against the deep green leaves, making this a popular ornamental plant in any tropical-theme garden. Can be found atShiseido Forest Valley, along the West Trail (Level 4) Terrestrial environments South Pacific Islands A tall palm that can reach 45 metres in height, it is cultivated for its ornamental value. The upper parts of its smooth trunk are usually covered in stringy fibres left over from old leaves. In the Philippines, this palm is known as anahaw and it is often referred to as its national leaf. Can be found atEast Trail, between L1 and L2 (next to Skytrain track Primary rainforests Borneo, Indonesia A slender tree fern that has an upright trunk of 3 to 4 metres tall and bearing feathery fronds near the top. They have a lighter colouration underneath and form a sparse, feathery crown. Its stipes (leaf stalk) are reddish-brown and bears some scales near its base. This is the largest native fern in Singapore and wild specimens can still be found growing in our nature reserves. Can be found atShiseido Forest Valley, Level 1 At the fringes of rainforests Indochina This plant belongs to the ginger family. This variegated variety features white stripes along its leaves. It is cultivated throughoutSoutheast Asia as an ornamental plant as well as for its medicinal properties leaves can be made into a decoction to be used in a bath to sooth fevers, and its rhizome can be used to treat a wide range of digestive disorders. Can be found at Shiseido Forest Valley, East Trail Level 4 Tropical, Sub-Tropical This cultivar is of horticultural origin This evergreen plant is grown mainly as an ornament for its dramatic, gigantic glossy green leaves. Truly a giant in the Araceae family, its leaves can grow up to 2 metres in length and 1.2 metres in width. Its corm can be eaten as a source of starch after careful preparation to get rid of its toxic sap. Can be founf atShiseido Forest Valley, East Trail Level 2 (near the Cataract Falls) Disturbed areas, Secondary rainforest Tropical Asia An evergreen tree that can grow up to 15 metres tall. It grows in a group of seven leaflets with a palmate arrangement, resembling small umbrellaswhich gives its common name, the Umbrella Tree. Heptapleurum actinophyllacan produce up to 1000 flowers that generate large amount of nectar which attract nectar-eating birds that pollinate them. Its flowers rise in long, reddish arms, resembling the tentacles of an octopus which gives it its other common name, Octopus Tree. Can be found at South Gateway, Level 2 Look Out Tropical rainforests Native to Northern Queensland (Australia), Java and New Guinea This is a large and elegant evergreen bamboo with arching canes that could grow up to 7 metres tall. As its specific epithet, nigra, suggests, the bamboo canes turn from green to blackish-brown as they mature. Black bamboo is also known for its extremely fast-growing characteristic. As such, this bamboo is usually planted in spacious areas which allow it to spread. As black bamboo retains its beautiful dark tone when it dries, it is also used as a decorative wood or for culinary applications, such as chopsticks. Can be found atEast Canyon, Level 1 (next to Lift Lobby H) Riparian areas China This cluster palm which grows in a clump and not singly, reaches up to 10 metres in height and has attractive bright red to blackish fruits that are borne on stalks. This palm is also easy to care for, making it a very suitable home plant that can thrive indoors or outdoors.Many also use it for screening, as it helps to soften urban space.. Can be found atWest Canyon, Level 1 (next to Lift Lobby F) Understory of rainforests at low altitudes Indonesia Rhopaloblaste ceramicais the largest of all the species in the genus and is easily distinguished by its large asymmetrical fruits. Avery tall and solitary palm (grows singly and not in clumps) that grows up to 35 metres in height. The stem is used to make arrow heads and floorboards in houses. Small saplings also make good indoor potted plants. Can be found atWest Canyon, Level 1 (next to Lift Lobby F) Well drained primary rainforests (lowland to lower montane) Southeast Asia, New Guinea This palm belongs to the family, Arecaeae, and is endemic to the Nicobar Islands in the Bay of Bengal. This elegant solitary palm (grows singly and not in clumps) can grow about 20 metres tall with a stem girth of up to 25 centimetres. It has arched pinnate leaves and a light green crown shaft. The local islanders use the stem in the construction of houses and fences. Can be found atWest Canyon, Level 1 (next to Lift Lobby F) Lowland Rainforest The Nicobar Islands This palm grows in thick clumps and bears bright red fruits favoured by birds. This palm is named after Sir William Macarthur (1800 - 1882), one of Australia's most prolific and influential horticulturalists in the mid-to-late 19th Century. Ptychosperma macarthuriiis a widely grown and popular palm species. It produces bright-red fruits which are dispersed by both native and alien birds. Can be found atWest Canyon, Level 1 (next to Lift Lobby F) Understory of Rainforests Australia, New Guinea STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Olea europaeais a slow-growing evergreen tree that, when it matures, exhibits a gnarled trunk with a low, spreading trunk comprising narrow silvery leaves. Its fruit, known as olive, starts green and gradually darkens to purple or black when ripe. It is eaten, usually after being cured in brine, and is also used to make cooking oil. Olives trees are pollinated by wind and not by wildlife, therefore, the direction of wind during bloom time is an important consideration. Can be found atCanopy Park, opposite Foggy Bowls Moist tropical forests, Steep hillsides and ledges Africa, Temperate Asia, Southern Europe Water lilies are day-blooming, opening their large, beautiful flowers in the morning and eventually closing from mid-afternoon onwards. Water lilies have underground stems (rhizomes) buried in the mud. From the rhizome grows long stalks which hold the leaves and flower above the water surface. The Impressionist painter, Claude Monet, often featured water lilies in his artwork, most noticeably in his series of paintings calledWater Lillies. Can be found atCanopy Park, Source Pool Ponds, Wetlands, and Edges of dams Southern and Eastern parts of Asia Do not let its common name fool you this plant is not a true palm but hails from the Asparagus family. It has wispy leaves that droop down in a cluster like the tail of a pony and its stem has a distinctive swollen base. Mature plants can produce creamy white flowers borne in clusters.Flowering occur very infrequently (between 10 to 30 years for a plant to first bloom) and the last time this specimen in Jewel bloomed was on 22 June 2023. Can be found atCanopy Park, next to Discovery Slides Semi-desert to low deciduous forest East Mexico This odd-looking tree is from the Pandanaceae family, the same family as the culinary pandan plant (Pandanus amaryllifolius) used in local cuisine. The screw pine grows stilt-like aerial roots which help support its weight. It occasionally will produce large fruits that loosely resemble pineapples. Its leaves are used by traditional communities to make ropes, baskets, and thatches for roofs. Can be found atCanopy Park, along Topiary Walk and next to the Source Pool Along coasts Madagascar Agave plants have a long history of ethnobotanical importance, especially to the people of Mexico. They have strong fibrous tissue in their leaves which makes them useful to make items such as brushes, ropes, sleeping mats and even sandals. The roots of agave plants contain saponins which can be used as a natural substitute for commercially produced soap. Can be found at Canopy Park, Foggy Bowls Desert Mexico, Southeast United States As its common name suggests, this fern grows exceptionally large, producing fronds of up to 3 metres in length by 2 metres in width which are thought to be the largest in the world. Interestingly, despite its size, the fern does not have any woody tissue and instead relies on the hydraulic pressure of its sap to support its fronds. It also is regarded as a primitive plant, with a history that dates to about 300 million years Can be found atCanopy Park, at Topiary Walk and under Bouncing Net Primary rainforest, Freshwater swamp forest Native to Singapore Ficus microcarpaalso known as the Banyan Fig Tree, is famous for its aerial roots which sprout from the branches and eventually reach the soil. Interestingly, this tree has a unique relationship with wasps as they have evolved with it and is the only insect that can pollinate the tree. This tree is also known to be medicinal: its roots, bark and leaf latex are used to treat wounds, headaches, and even oral issues such as toothache and ulcers. The aerial roots are useful in treating skin diseases too! Can be found atCanopy Park, along the main path Primary rainforest, Freshwater swamp forest India, South China, Indochina, Malesia, Polynesia, and Tropical Australia Ficus benghalensisis native to the Indian Subcontinent and is among the largest trees in terms of canopy coverage. The Indian banyan can reach a height of up to 30 metres and spread laterally indefinitely. It also produces aerial roots which turn into woody trunks once they take root into the ground. This tree is also the national tree of India. It can be usually seen planted around temples as it is sacred to Hindus and Buddhists. It represents growth, strength, and self-awareness through reflection and meditation. Can be found atCanopy Park, near Discovery Slides and at the entrance of Bouncing Net Tropical Forest India Anevergreen tree that can grow up to 15 metres tall. It grows in a group of seven leaflets with a palmate arrangement, resembling small umbrellasgiving its common name, the Umbrella Tree. Heptapleurum actinophyllacan produce up to 1000 flowers that generate large amount of nectar which attract nectar-eating birds that pollinate them. Its flowers rise in long, reddish arms, resembling the tentacles of an octopus which gives it its other common name, Octopus Tree. Can be found atCanopy Park, in front of Nursing Rooms (next to Foggy Bowls) Primary rainforest Australia Dracaena loureiri,also known by Thais as Jun-Par, is part of the large genus of plants (Dracaena) which comes from the romanised form of the ancient Greek word drakaina,which means female dragon. Once mature, the trunk divide into several sub-trunks, each with its own spikey green crown. The leaves are stalkless and can grow up to 5 15 metres in height. With their tolerance for lower light and infrequent watering, they are favoured as indoor feature plants Can be found atCanopy Park, beside the mandarin ducks pond Inland cliff Vietnam and Thailand Magnola x alba commonly known as White Champaca, is derived from its local name in Indonesian,Cempaka Putih. The flowers of this tree are commonly used in Asia countries in various ways: Indonesians and Thais use them as flower garlands to be worn by the brides and grooms in traditional weddings; in China, the flowers are used to make tea known asyulantea. It is also used as traditional medicine to relieve cough. Can be found atCanopy Park, behind Petal Garden Evergreen forest Cultivated Hybrid This palm gets its common name from the color of the newly emergent leaves, which have a reddish hue for several weeks until maturing into green. It can grow up to 15 metres tall with its leaves ranging from 2 to 4 metres in length. Each leaf has 37 - 40 widely spaced leaflets on each side. Their leaflets are leathery and have a prominent mid rib with 2 lateral veins, which gives its pleated appearance. Can be found atCanopy Park, under the Bouncing Nets Rainforest, Near streams New Caledonia Pandanus  known as pandan, is known for its aroma, and is used as flavouring in Malay and Peranakan cuisine, particularly rice and desserts. The leaves of pandan are sword-like, growing about 1 2 metres in length and 4-7 centimetres wide. It is arranged spirally in three rows at the tips of the branches. When fully grown, the midrib would bend and the upper third or so of the leaves hangs down, giving pandan plants their drooping appearance. Can be found at Canopy Park, in front the Mandarin Ducks Pond Low land swamps, Along rivers Southeast Asia A small and slow-growing tree with stout branches with leaves that have a unique habit: when young leaves first unfold, they are pale green and droop, but as they mature turn brownish-pink and eventually a uniform shade of green. It bears large, round inflorescences comprising of many crimson or purple tubular flowers. Can be found at Canopy Park, Topiary Walk Tropical rainforest South America This plant belongs to the ginger family. This variegated variety features white stripes along its leaves. It is cultivated throughout Southeast Asia as an ornamental plant as well as for its medicinal properties leaves can be made into a decoction to be used in a bath to sooth fevers, and its rhizome can be used to treat a wide range of digestive disorders. Can be found at Shiseido Foret Valley (East Trail, level 4) Tropical, Sub-Tropical This cultivar is of horticultural origin. Cyperus alternifoliusis an emergent aquatic plant that can grow up to 2 metres in height. The leaf-like structure forms an umbrella pattern which therefore gives its common name, Umbrella Sedge. Originating in Africa, the ash of this plant is used to treat wounds and decoctions are consumed to treat fevers and stomach issues. Can be found atCanopy Park (at the sides of the Source Pool) Fresh Pond, River and Lake Madagascar and Mauritius Spathiphyllum wallisiior commonly known as Peace Lily, can grow up to 50 centimetres in height and width and its leaves being dark green and glossy. This plant is well known for its air purifying abilities. It is great at breaking down and neutralizing toxic gases like carbon monoxide, making it a popular indoor plant for many. Can be found at Canopy Park, opposite the mandarin ducks pond Tropical rainforest Colombia and Venezuela Anthurium andraeanumis an epiphytic evergreen tropical perennial of the Araceae family, which is known for its waxy, palette-shaped bright red spathes and contrasting dark green foliage. Its spathe is to protect the spadix, which contains several tiny flowers when it blooms. The spathe can come in many colours such as pink, red, orange, and white. Can be found at Canopy Park, beside Mirror Maze The rainforest of Colombia and Ecuador Colombia and Ecuador The orange tulip ginger is an evergreen perennial that grows up to 3 metres tall. This plant produces bright orange flowers with red bracts and its wide leaves attached to the stem in a spiral fashion. Despite its common name, and its relationship to the ginger family, the rhizomes of this plant are not edible. Can be found at Canopy Park, beside Discovery Slides Understory of forested area Costa Rica and Panama Asparagus sprengericommonly known as the Aparagus Fern, is often referred to as a fern, when in fact, it is not. It produces seeds rather than spores like fern does and it is related to asparagus. This plant has bushy, foxtail-like stems which gracefully arch backwards and can grow up to 1 metre long. They also have a smaller spine along the stem compared to other Asparagus species. Can be found at Canopy Park, opposite Bouncing Net Rainforest South Africa Canopy Park ticket includes: 1. Discovery Slides# 2. Foggy Bowls 3. Petal Garden 4. Topiary Walk Standard Rate Adult/Child - SGD 8 Singapore Residents* Adult/Child/**Student/Senior - SGD 6 CapitaStar Members &Changi Rewards Members Special Rate[Available at Jewel Concierge Counters (L1, 2, 5)] Adult/Child/**Student/Senior - SGD 5.40 Child: 3 - 12 years old | Senior: 60 years old and aboveAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. * Applicable for Singapore citizens, permanent residents, employment pass, work permit and dependent pass holders. Proof of residency may be required at the point of ticket purchase and upon admission. **Currentstudents of local Universities, Polytechnics, Junior Colleges, Institutes of Technical Education and Secondary School holding a valid student photo ID are eligible to purchase student ticket. Verification will be done at the point of entry. BUY TICKETS BUY TICKETS BUY TICKETS Dealincludes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 39 | **Child - SGD 29 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. BUY TICKETS BUY TICKETS BUY TICKETS Dealincludes: 1. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 2. MastercardCanopy Bridge 3. Hedge Maze 4. Mirror Maze 5. Walking Net# 6.Bouncing Net^# Standard Rate Adult- SGD 54 | **Child - SGD 39 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. BUY TICKETS BUY TICKETS BUY TICKETS Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 56 | **Child - SGD 40 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. BUY TICKETS BUY TICKETS BUY TICKETS Dealincludes: 1. Changi Experience Studio+ 2. Canopy Park (Incl. Discovery Slides#, Foggy Bowls, Petal Garden, Topiary Walk) 3. MastercardCanopy Bridge 4. Hedge Maze 5. Mirror Maze 6. Walking Net# 7. Bouncing Net^# Note:Changi Experience Studio opens from 11am to 8pm with last admission at 7pm. Standard Rate Adult- SGD 71 | **Child - SGD 50 Child: 3 - 12 years oldAll Child ticket holders must be accompanied by a paying Adult +Attraction is suitable for children aged 6 and above. ^Rates are valid for one 45-min session inclusive of a compulsory safety briefing of estimated 10 mins. #Minimum height requirement is 110cm. **Applicable to both local student and senior. BUY TICKETS BUY TICKETS BUY TICKETS STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more A perfect place for all ages, Canopy Park has attractions that are suitable for both the young and young-at-heart! Take a relaxing stroll or play your heart out at the exciting attractions! For dinosaur fans,Jewel-rassic Quest is your must-try attraction. Travel back in time and embark on a thrilling adventure as dinosaurs come alive in an augmented reality experience! Buy your ticketshere. Get the answers to all your questions about Jewel when you sign-up for theDiscover JewelTour! Find outabout the lesser-known facts of Jewel and amaze your friends with your new-found knowledge! A playground for everyone! Explore all the exciting play attractions and indoor gardens at Jewel! Complete missions and meet larger-than-life dinosaurs through an augmented reality experience! Uncover lesser-known facts about Jewel and its various unique features! Jewel is home to some of Singapore's well-loved home-grown brands! From sweet decadent bakes to versatile fashion pieces, bring home a touch of Singapore for yourself or your loved ones back home! Great as gifts or simply an indulgent snack for yourself, discover local favourites that will have you coming back for more! Trusted and well-loved by locals, explore unique pieces and take home a piece of Singapore with you! Indulge in delectable bakes by locals that have won the hearts of Singaporeans! Enjoy exclusive promotions by collecting your Jewel Privilege card at Level 1Concierge Counter. Tourist Perks Visiting Jewel from afar? Receive a $5 Retail Voucher and a $5 Attractions Voucher, with compliments from Jewel, when you flash your foreign passport at the Level 1 Concierge Counter! For Mastercard Cardholders, redeem an additional $5 Retail Voucher* when you flash your card! Find out morehere! Fill your stomach with the wide variety of gastronomical delights at Jewel! From kid-friendly eateries to popular Halal options, there's something for everyone to satisfy those hunger pangs! If you're here bright and early, we have eateries that offer early breakfast options to fuel you up for the day! Start your day with a hearty breakfast at these eateries! Specially curated meals for the little princes and princesses! Check out the exciting list of halal dining selection! Elevate your dining experience and enjoy your meal with the sights and sound of the iconic indoor waterfall and lush greenery surrounding you. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Discover mementos with local flair and flavours that are great as gifts and for sharing with loved ones back home.At Jewel, you can find unique gifts for a special occasion, or a personal keepsake for a touch of Singapore. Discover mementos with local flair and flavours that are great as gifts and for sharing with loved ones back home.At Jewel, you can find unique gifts for a special occasion, or a personal keepsake for a touch of Singapore. View Shopping Directory View Shopping Directory View Shopping Directory STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more There are many homegrown brands at Jewel that represent our Singapore culture. Some reflect nostalgia with timeless narratives, while some excel at conveying modern pursuits. Even a born-and-bred Singaporean may experience familiar names in a different light.Check out these local brands at Jewel! There are many homegrown brands at Jewel that represent our Singapore culture. Some reflect nostalgia with timeless narratives, while some excel at conveying modern pursuits. Even a born-and-bred Singaporean may experience familiar names in a different light. Check out these local brands at Jewel! View Shopping Directory View Shopping Directory View Shopping Directory STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more The local food scene has evolved with home-grown bakeries and cafs offering top-notch, deliciousbakes. Try them all at Jewel! The local food scene has evolved with home-grown bakeries and cafs offering top-notch, deliciousbakes. Try them all at Jewel! View Dining Directory View Dining Directory View Dining Directory STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Indulge in a wide selection of hearty breakfast options to start your day! Not forgetting the different coffee jointsto get your daily caffeine fix for an added boost to your day!*Information is correct at the time of publication. Please check in-store for more details. Indulge in a wide selection of hearty breakfast options to start your day! Not forgetting the different coffee jointsto get your daily caffeine fix for an added boost to your day! *Information is correct at the time of publication. Please check in-store for more details. View Dining Directory View Dining Directory View Dining Directory STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Sit back and enjoy a meal with your children at these restaurantswhere kids are welcome and theres something special to make it kid- or baby-friendly!*Information is correct at the time of publication. Please check in-store for more details. Sit back and enjoy a meal with your children at these restaurantswhere kids are welcome and theres something special to make it kid- or baby-friendly! *Information is correct at the time of publication. Please check in-store for more details. View Dining Directory View Dining Directory View Dining Directory Find out more Find out more Find out more If youre looking to beat the heat while letting your kids enjoy some sunshine and greenery, head on over to this Essa Grace playground! Tucked away in the West Gateway Garden on Level 2, this playground is designed with natural elements in mind, and suitable for children aged 3 to 5. Your little ones are sure to have a blast traversing the rolling wooden hills or climbing and hiding in the latticed wooden cave. The foliage and shaded seating area is also a great place for parents to take a breather from all yourJewel shopping escapade while the kids play their hearts out. Best of all, admission is free! Canopy Park, located at the topmost level of Jewel, welcomes the young and young at heart with an array of exciting play attractions. From mazes to bouncing nets, it's all fun. Take a stroll along creative garden trails, glide down giant slides or hide in bowls of gentle mist. Buy your tickets now! Buy Tickets Buy Tickets Buy Tickets AN AUGMENTED REALITY EXPERIENCE WITH DINOSAURS Embark on a thrilling adventure by teleporting 89 million years back to the Cretaceous period. Armed with a TimeLens, cadet rangers meet larger-than-life dinosaurs augmented against the lush greenery of the Shiseido Forest Valley and Canopy Park. Complete the mission and participate in activities and games while learning more about these behemoth creatures!Buy your tickets now! Recommended age: 6 years old & above BUY TICKETS BUY TICKETS BUY TICKETS STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Browse through the list of exciting Halal Food Options at Jewel! From Vietnamese food to Korean dishes to Western cuisine, you'll be spoilt for choice!*Information is correct at the time of publication. Please check in-store for more details. Browse through the list of exciting Halal Food Options at Jewel! From Vietnamese food to Korean dishes to Western cuisine, you'll be spoilt for choice! *Information is correct at the time of publication. Please check in-store for more details. View Dining Directory View Dining Directory View Dining Directory STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more The majestic Jewel Rain Vortex isn't just a stunning water display. Watch it come alive with lights and music in our daily Light & Music Showcase, starting from 8pm daily! As night falls, Canopy Park transforms into an illuminative wonderland! Take a walk in the cool of the night or go on a heart-pumping adventure at the attractions. A perfect place to spend your evening and a different kind of Jewel experience after dusk. Take a pause and engage your senses in a multi-sensory experience. In collaboration with the international art collective, TeamLab, the SENSE art installation at the west trail of the Shiseido Forest Valley brings you on a calming journey to reconnect with the beauty of nature. Keep a lookout for interesting installations displayed around the Shiseido Forest Valley from time to time too! Find a nice vantage point and catch the not-to-be-missed show that starts from 8pm daily! The shows are specially designed by internationally-acclaimed water features specialist from Los Angeles - WET. Experience Jewel under the moonlight and play your heart out at the exciting attractions! Reignite your senses and be at one with nature at the Shiseido Forest Valley SENSE trail, in collaboration with award-winning, international art collective, TeamLab. Jewel is home to some of Singapore's well-loved home-grown brands! From sweet decadent bakes to versatile fashion pieces, bring home a touch of Singapore for yourself or your loved ones back home! Great as gifts or simply an indulgent snack for yourself, discover local favourites that will have you coming back for more! Trusted and well-loved by locals, explore unique pieces and take home a piece of Singapore with you! Indulge in delectable bakes by locals that have won the hearts of Singaporeans! Enjoy exclusive promotions by collecting your Jewel Privilege card at Level 1 Concierge Counter. Tourist Perks Visiting Jewel from afar? Receive a $5 Retail Voucher, with compliments from Jewel, when you flash your foreign passport at the Level 2 Concierge Counter! For Mastercard Cardholders, redeem an additional $5 Retail Voucher* when you flash your card! Find out morehere! Treat yourself to a wonderful evening and dine in style. Opt to dine under the night sky or choose from a variety of dining establishments around Jewel with stunning views of the Jewel Rain Vortex. In need of a late supper? We have several eateries with extended operating hours for a late night feast! Catching a red-eye flight or arriving at Jewel late? Check out these eateries with extended operating hours! Gather your friends for a night of fun and dine under the stars at our Level 5 eateries! Elevate your dining experience and enjoy your meal with stunning views of the iconic indoor waterfall and lush greenery. Specially curated meals for the little princes and princesses! Check out the exciting list of halal dining selection! STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Craving for some supper or hungry after your late-night flight?Visit these eateries with extended operating hours and satisfy your hunger pangs with these scrumptious treats!*Information is correct at the time of publication. Please check in-store for more details. Craving for some supper or hungry after your late-night flight? Visit these eateries with extended operating hours and satisfy your hunger pangs with these scrumptious treats! *Information is correct at the time of publication. Please check in-store for more details. View Dining Directory View Dining Directory View Dining Directory Book your stay now Book your stay now Book your stay now Buy tickets Buy tickets Buy tickets STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Got a special occasion? Or looking for a place to relax and celebrate the end of a work week?Raise a glass and cheers over some drinks as night falls! Under the cool and comfort of Jewel's garden oasis, there's nothing stopping your fun-filled night!*Information is correct at the time of publication. Please check in-store for more details. Got a special occasion? Or looking for a place to relax and celebrate the end of a work week? Raise a glass and cheers over some drinks as night falls! Under the cool and comfort of Jewel's garden oasis, there's nothing stopping your fun-filled night! *Information is correct at the time of publication. Please check in-store for more details. Craving some other food options? We have a selection of other dining establishments for you to enjoy! From Japanese to Latin American, there's something for everyone! View Dining Directory View Dining Directory View Dining Directory Book your stay now Book your stay now Book your stay now STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Dine in tranquillity and let your taste buds travel the world as you immerse in the sounds of the Jewel Rain Vortex and find peace in the lush verdant landscape of the Shiseido Forest Valley.Elevate your dining experience and dine at these selected eateries offering the best views!*Information is correct at the time of publication. Please check in-store for more details. Dine in tranquillity and let your taste buds travel the world as you immerse in the sounds of the Jewel Rain Vortex and find peace in the lush verdant landscape of the Shiseido Forest Valley. Elevate your dining experience and dine at these selected eateries offering the best views! *Information is correct at the time of publication. Please check in-store for more details. View Dining Directory View Dining Directory View Dining Directory Learn to whip up delicious meals & bakes at ABC Cooking Studio which offers amarvellous view of the Jewel Rain Vortex and the lush Shiseido Forest Valley! Clickhereto find out more! STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Have you really visited Jewel if you didn't get an iconic shot?Check out some of the best photo spots for that picture-perfectJewel photo.Share your photos with us by tagging@jewelchangiairport! Have you really visited Jewel if you didn't get an iconic shot? Check out some of the best photo spots for that picture-perfectJewel photo. Share your photos with us by tagging@jewelchangiairport! South Gateway GardenLevel 2 and 3 Discovery SlidesCanopy Park, Level 5 Walking NetCanopy Park, Level 5 Shiseido Forest Valley Eastern & Western TrailAccessible from Levels 1 to 4 Mastercard Canopy BridgeLevel 5 Acrylic TankLevel B2 Mirror MazeCanopy Park, Level 5 Crystal CloudsLevel 2 Entrance Hedge MazeCanopy Park, Level 5 Cloud9 PiazzaLevel 5 STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Please access the Terms & Conditions here: English STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[Advisory] There will be no Light & Music Showcase from 3 to 9 January due to the annual maintenance works. [Advisory] The following attractions will be closed from 3 to 9 January 2025: Other attractions continue to remain open and tickets can be purchasedhere. Attractions Getting to/from Jewel Traveller's Information Amenities & Services Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Itinerary at Jewel Plants at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme / Tourist Perks Jewel Vouchers Changi Rewards e-Voucher Flexi eCapitaVoucher Jewel Guided Tour Jewel Beleafers Volunteer Programme Shopping & Dining Promotions Canopy Park Promotions Weddings at Jewel Venue Hire Jewel-rassic Quest Walking NetWalking Net - Jewel Changi Airport Bouncing NetBouncing Net - Jewel Changi Airport Mirror MazeMirror Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Hedge MazeHedge Maze - Jewel Changi Airport Mastercard Canopy BridgeMastercard Canopy Bridge - Jewel Changi Airport Discovery SlidesDiscovery Slides - Jewel Changi Airport Changi Experience StudioChangi Experience Studio - Jewel Changi Airport Jewel Rain VortexJewel Rain Vortex - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy ParkCanopy Park - Jewel Changi Airport Shiseido Forest ValleyShiseido Forest Valley - Jewel Changi Airport Foggy BowlsFoggy Bowls - Jewel Changi Airport Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Enjoy exclusive offers & deals at Jewel View More Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTELAIR Hotel in Asia. View More The ONLY mall in Singapore serving up to 3.5 % rebate - HIGHEST cashback reward at Jewel Changi Airport! Terms apply. View more An exclusive programme for selected Changi Rewards Platinum members View more Connected to T1, T2 and T3 Hotel facilities 2,500 car park spaces Accessible from Changi Airport MRT station 8 November 2024 - 2 January 2025 Jewel Changi Airport Brimming with excitement as the all-newDisney Adventureis coming to Singapore inDecember 2025, Captain Mickey has placed special gift boxes around Canopy Park, each unveiling a glimpse of an incredible themed area aboard the ship. Explore the delightful series of festive displays and photo installations featuring fan-favourite stories and characters from Disney, Pixar and Marvel.Dont miss out on the spectacular, 4-metre replica of the iconic Disney Cruise Lines ship funnel.Visitors will also enjoy a unique experience walking on a simulated top deck, complete with plenty of photo opportunities. Be sure not to miss this magical experience by getting your tickets to Canopy Park! PURCHASE YOUR TICKETS NOW PURCHASE YOUR TICKETS NOW PURCHASE YOUR TICKETS NOW With every $60 nett spent in a single receipt in Jewel, get to purchase a limited-editionDisney Cruise Linecollectible at $15, $18 or $52! Get to purchase an additional collectible for qualifying receipt paid with Mastercard![Fully Redeemed] Cabin-sized Luggage: $52Duffel Bag: $18Puffy Sling Bag (Blue): $18Puffy Sling Bag (Grey): $18[Fully Redeemed] Travel Organiser (Blue): $15[Fully Redeemed] Travel Organiser (Grey): $15 Purchase the collectibles via Changi app andbring along your qualifying receipt and collectible purchase confirmation email to B1 Redemption booth (between Birkenstock and ZARA) for collection from 11am - 10pm, daily. Last redemption is at 9:30pm. How to purchase the limited-editionDisney Cruise Linecollectibles?For existing Changi Rewards members, view your perks in Account if you scanned your Changi Rewards e-Card at point of purchase and proceed to Step 4. If not:Step 1. Launch your Changi app and scroll down to EXPLORE CHANGIStep 2. Click on [Jewel] The Gift of Disney Cruise Line at JewelStep 3. Click Upload ReceiptStep 4. Select your premium(s) and quantity and click Add to cartStep 5. Click Pay with credit card. You will be directed to a confirmation page with the booking details. An email confirmation will be sent to your registered email address.Step 6. Collect your collectibles(s) by flashing your Changi Rewards e-Card to our crew at B1 Redemption Booth. Note:- Collection of your purchased collectibles can be done anytime throughout the promotion, until 2 Jan 2025.-We kindly request that you inspect your luggage thoroughly at the redemption counter upon collection, as exchanges cannot be accommodated once you leave. Thank you for your understanding. FULL TERMS & CONDITIONS FULL TERMS & CONDITIONS FULL TERMS & CONDITIONS Redeem a $10 Jewel Gift Voucher* and a pair of Canopy Park tickets* (worth $16) when you charge a minimum of $150 in a maximum of 3 same-day receipts to your UOB Credit/Debit Card at any Retail/F&B outlets. Extra from 18 November 2024 onwards: Spend $200 with UOB credit/debit card and get a a $10 Jewel Gift Voucher*, a pair of Canopy Park tickets* (worth $16) and a limited-editionDisney Cruise Linegift wrapper* by UOB.*while stocks last FULL TERMS & CONDITIONS FULL TERMS & CONDITIONS FULL TERMS & CONDITIONS For the first time in Singapore, guests and fans can meet with some Special Disney Friends from Disney Cruise Line. Be in for a Surprise! Location: Level 2 West Gateway Garden (between Dyson and Tim Ho Wan) Meet & Greet Dates:16, 17, 23, 24 November7, 8, 9, 10 December Sessions*:11am, 1pm, 3:30pm, 6pm, 7:30pm *Meet & Greet passes will be distributed 30 minutes before each session on a first-come-first-served basis. 1. Adventure Quest at Canopy Park Here's your chance to experience a 3-night cruise vacation aboard the all-newDisney Adventure! Join Captain Mickey Mouse on an adventure quest to discoverThe Gift of Disney Cruise Lineat Jewel! Collect all sevenDisney Adventuremedallion stamps around Canopy Park* to redeem an exclusiveDisney Cruise Lineposter at the B1 Redemption Booth.^ Plus, submit your entry at the B1 Redemption Booth for a chance to experience the Deluxe Oceanview Stateroom with Verandah!# * Please note that a separate Hedge Maze attraction ticket is required to enter the attraction to collect the "Disney Imagination Garden" stamp.^ Available at B1 Redemption Booth (near Lift Lobby F). Redemptions are on a first-come, first-served basis, and while stocks last. #Terms & Conditions apply. FULL TERMS & CONDITIONS FULL TERMS & CONDITIONS FULL TERMS & CONDITIONS 2. Free Captain Mickey Mouse Head Visor Adorn Captain Mickey's hat and set sail through the various installations located at Canopy Park. Guests visiting Canopy Park will receive this free Captain Mickey Mouse head visor*. *While Stocks Last 8 November 2024 - 2 January 2025 Jewel Changi Airport Embracing the joyful spirit of the gifting season, the Polo Ralph Lauren Jewel Holiday tree welcomes guests at the North Entrance of Forest Valley and showcases Polo Ralph Lauren as the premium destination for the timeless and iconic gifts, while highlighting and elevating the art of gifting. Stitch it. Print it. Patch it. Personalise and create your own Polo Ralph Lauren products at The Polo Custom shop with custom embroidery and monogramming. Explore multiple ways to create your own unique custom style at the Polo Custom shop (#01-K200) today!- The Polo Custom Shop (#01-K200), opens daily from 10am - 10pm. Catch the special Trip.com branded and Christmas Light & Sound Shows at the Jewel Rain Vortex. With a combination of majestic sound and light choreography, marvel at the mystical water display of the 40-metre-tall indoor waterfall. Visible from various spots around Jewel, do not miss out on this splendid masterpiece. Daily Timings Mon - Thu: 7.30pm | 8.00pm | 9.00pm daily Fri - Sun (including eve of PH and PH):7.30pm | 8.00pm | 9.00pm | 10.00pm daily Experience magical snowfall daily at the Shiseido Forest Valley and Canopy Park! Daily Timings Mon - Thu: 7.35pm | 8.05pm | 9.05pm daily Fri - Sun (including eve of PH and PH):7.35pm | 8.05pm | 9.05pm | 10.05pm daily STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of UsePrivacy Policy Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. By using this site, you agree to ourPrivacy Policy,Conditions of AccessandCookie Policyto the placement of cookies on your computer.
[]1 3 9 [] 2025 1 3 9 - - - - (Shiseido Forest Valley) - (Jewel Rain Vortex) (Jewel Rain Vortex) - - Mastercard Mastercard - - - - - - - YOTELAIR Connected to T1, T2 and T3 Hotel facilities 2,500 car park spaces Accessible from Changi Airport MRT station 8 November 2024 - 2 January 2025 Jewel Changi Airport Brimming with excitement as the all-newDisney Adventureis coming to Singapore inDecember 2025, Captain Mickey has placed special gift boxes around Canopy Park, each unveiling a glimpse of an incredible themed area aboard the ship. Explore the delightful series of festive displays and photo installations featuring fan-favourite stories and characters from Disney, Pixar and Marvel.Dont miss out on the spectacular, 4-metre replica of the iconic Disney Cruise Lines ship funnel.Visitors will also enjoy a unique experience walking on a simulated top deck, complete with plenty of photo opportunities. Be sure not to miss this magical experience by getting your tickets to Canopy Park! PURCHASE YOUR TICKETS NOW PURCHASE YOUR TICKETS NOW PURCHASE YOUR TICKETS NOW With every $60 nett spent in a single receipt in Jewel, get to purchase a limited-editionDisney Cruise Linecollectible at $15, $18 or $52! Get to purchase an additional collectible for qualifying receipt paid with Mastercard!Cabin-sized Luggage: $52Duffel Bag: $18Puffy Sling Bag (Blue): $18Puffy Sling Bag (Grey): $18Travel Organiser (Blue): $15Travel Organiser (Grey): $15 Purchase the collectibles via Changi app andbring along your qualifying receipt and collectible purchase confirmation email to B1 Redemption booth (between Birkenstock and ZARA) for collection from 11am - 10pm, daily. Last redemption is at 9:30pm. How to purchase the limited-editionDisney Cruise Linecollectibles?For existing Changi Rewards members, view your perks in Account if you scanned your Changi Rewards e-Card at point of purchase and proceed to Step 4. If not:Step 1. Launch your Changi app and scroll down to EXPLORE CHANGIStep 2. Click on [Jewel] The Gift of Disney Cruise Line at JewelStep 3. Click Upload ReceiptStep 4. Select your premium(s) and quantity and click Add to cartStep 5. Click Pay with credit card. You will be directed to a confirmation page with the booking details. An email confirmation will be sent to your registered email address.Step 6. Collect your collectibles(s) by flashing your Changi Rewards e-Card to our crew at B1 Redemption Booth. Note: Collection of your purchased collectibles can be done anytime throughout the promotion, until 2 Jan 2025. FULL TERMS & CONDITIONS FULL TERMS & CONDITIONS FULL TERMS & CONDITIONS Redeem a $10 Jewel Gift Voucher* and a pair of Canopy Park tickets* (worth $16) when you charge a minimum of $150 in a maximum of 3 same-day receipts to your UOB Credit/Debit Card at any Retail/F&B outlets. Extra from 18 November 2024 onwards: Spend $200 with UOB credit/debit card and get a a $10 Jewel Gift Voucher*, a pair of Canopy Park tickets* (worth $16) and a limited-editionDisney Cruise Linegift wrapper* by UOB.*while stocks last FULL TERMS & CONDITIONS FULL TERMS & CONDITIONS FULL TERMS & CONDITIONS For the first time in Singapore, guests and fans can meet with some Special Disney Friends from Disney Cruise Line. Be in for a Surprise! Location: Level 2 West Gateway Garden (between Dyson and Tim Ho Wan) Meet & Greet Dates:16, 17, 23, 24 November7, 8, 9, 10 December Sessions*:11am, 1pm, 3:30pm, 6pm, 7:30pm *Meet & Greet passes will be distributed 30 minutes before each session on a first-come-first-served basis. 1. Adventure Quest at Canopy Park Here's your chance to experience a 3-night cruise vacation aboard the all-newDisney Adventure! Join Captain Mickey Mouse on an adventure quest to discoverThe Gift of Disney Cruise Lineat Jewel! Collect all sevenDisney Adventuremedallion stamps around Canopy Park* to redeem an exclusiveDisney Cruise Lineposter at the B1 Redemption Booth.^ Plus, submit your entry at the B1 Redemption Booth for a chance to experience the Deluxe Oceanview Stateroom with Verandah!# * Please note that a separate Hedge Maze attraction ticket is required to enter the attraction to collect the "Disney Imagination Garden" stamp.^ Available at B1 Redemption Booth (near Lift Lobby F). Redemptions are on a first-come, first-served basis, and while stocks last. #Terms & Conditions apply. FULL TERMS & CONDITIONS FULL TERMS & CONDITIONS FULL TERMS & CONDITIONS 2. Free Captain Mickey Mouse Head Visor Adorn Captain Mickey's hat and set sail through the various installations located at Canopy Park. Guests visiting Canopy Park will receive this free Captain Mickey Mouse head visor*. *While Stocks Last 8 November 2024 - 2 January 2025 Jewel Changi Airport Embracing the joyful spirit of the gifting season, the Polo Ralph Lauren Jewel Holiday tree welcomes guests at the North Entrance of Forest Valley and showcases Polo Ralph Lauren as the premium destination for the timeless and iconic gifts, while highlighting and elevating the art of gifting. Stitch it. Print it. Patch it. Personalise and create your own Polo Ralph Lauren products at The Polo Custom shop with custom embroidery and monogramming. Explore multiple ways to create your own unique custom style at the Polo Custom shop (#01-K200) today!- The Polo Custom Shop (#01-K200), opens daily from 10am - 10pm. Catch the special Trip.com branded and Christmas Light & Sound Shows at the Jewel Rain Vortex. With a combination of majestic sound and light choreography, marvel at the mystical water display of the 40-metre-tall indoor waterfall. Visible from various spots around Jewel, do not miss out on this splendid masterpiece. Daily Timings Mon - Thu: 7.30pm | 8.00pm | 9.00pm daily Fri - Sun (including eve of PH and PH):7.30pm | 8.00pm | 9.00pm | 10.00pm daily Experience magical snowfall daily at the Shiseido Forest Valley and Canopy Park! Daily Timings Mon - Thu: 7.35pm | 8.05pm | 9.05pm daily Fri - Sun (including eve of PH and PH):7.35pm | 8.05pm | 9.05pm | 10.05pm daily 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. CookieCookie
